The service was fantastic.
the hostess and server took care of us and the food is great !
the best burgers I have eaten !
The atmosphere is friendly and it was such a great experience we came back on sunday for brunch.
I’ve been coming here every time I’m in NYC for a while.
I hadn’t noticed that.
But it is a clean, tasty place that doesn’t lose quality and keeps making better options.
They now have the impossible burger and a gluten free bun.
It was delicious!
I booked a table in advance for this restaurant, which I would advise as it gets very busy.
We arrived slightly early and took a seat at the bar, drinks and service were both great!
We were then called to our table, perfectly on time :)The waiter was very helpful and friendly and the food was really good!
Would definitely recommend and hope to return sometime soon!
he stars are a little misleading because this is a 4-star place when you're looking for a reliable restaurant near the theaters which is quick and reasonable and reserve-able.
Everything we eat here is good to very good, and always a treat.
For two, we had a couple of cocktails, the Asian Crunch salad with tuna, a Double 5 Cheeseburger (perfectly prepared to medium) and a small fries (4.5); total, $71.86.
This was our second visit, the first being 3 years ago, and we loved it so much we thought we definitely need to return.
I absolutely love the little plate of gherkins you get whilst perusing the menu!
We each had a cocktail which were lovely followed by the Classic Cheese burger and 5Napkin Burger /Avocado Ranch.
Both burgers were cooked to perfection and super juicy.
We ordered a side of fries to share which was ample for both of us.
I had the apple pie and my husband had the chocolate layer cake which was extremely huge, but he managed it all!
We went here twice during our stay.
Food was tasty and reasonably priced.
We enjoyed the music which you could hear but wasn’t too loud.
Attentive staff.
Had a chicken burger and onion rings and blackened steak first time.
The steak was a little underdone but taken back no problem.
Really really tasty.
The second time we had the steak again which was much better this time.
We had the chicken and waffles.
The chicken was good but the waffle wasn’t very flavourful and we wouldn’t have this again.
Good cocktails and English breakfast tea!
!
Went here with two friends.
We all ate different burgers and agreed that the burgers was good, but not great.
The sweet potato fries was really good, and the five layer chocolatecake was amazing (but too much for one person!
).
The service was very good with friendly and helpful staff!
I have been in this restaurant in Christmas period.
They have nice hamburger with different tipe of choices.
I suggest also to try the NY cheesecake there.
Delicious burgers!
I'd reccommend the 5 Napkin Burger with the hand cut fries!
The waiters very kind and helpful with recommendations!
You can also order for take away.
We had a chicken burger and a vege salad.
Both were good portion sizes and super super tasty.
Everything tasted super fresh and well balanced.
Highly recommended.
In a very central location near to times Square.
The burger really tasty and the sweet potato fries as well.
Not to expensive compared to other restaurants.
The staff really helpful and pleasant.
My visit at 5 Napkin was very good.
I came across it here on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed by what I found.
The food was very good and tasty.
The burger was quite big and the patty was fresh and juicy.
The fries needed to be purchased separately, but the burgers were so big that my party of 3 shared a big portion of fries instead of having their own.
This way the portions had the perfect size for us.
The service was very quick and very friendly.
All questions were answered and recommendations concerning the choice of food were given.
Nothing to complain here.
I added pictures of the food and the atmosphere during Christmas time.
To sum it up: I would come back here anytime and can recommend it for a good burger.
The food tasted good but our watress kept looking at my boyfriend so we will not be returning.
i dont remember what her name is but it was something weird so dont take your boyfriend here.
Wife had a 5 burger and I had the wings, with matzo ball soup and brussels sprouts.
Pretty decent drink list.
Crowed and a bit noisey.
Best burger in NYC.
My daughter loves going there specially when Jannet is on the house.
Had so much fun last time we went and I recommend the Jerk chicken Burger with loaded fries.
Very nice place to have dinner.
The waiters are nice and helpful and the place is clean.
Food is ok.
The burgers looks very good and tasty but they aren't the only choice.
You can have salads, stakes for example.
Suggested but not mandatory.
Really average place.
Everything is regular.
Service.
Food.
Prices.
Hamburgers looks and feels like before-prepared and heated up.
For $17 burger it's not what you want to feel, right?
We had a lovely meal here on New Years Eve 2019.
We are from the UK and booked the table online.
A huge shout out to our waiter, Gus, who was amazing.
He basically picked our meals and was so knowledgeable, especially with beer!
Would highly recommend to friends if they are visiting the city.
Thank you Gus.
Very cute place and good location.
Me and my boyfriend have been there for a casual dinner and the burgers were absolutely amazing, as well as the shakes.
Sooo worth it.
Tried this place after a great recommendation.
It lived up to the review!
Greasy atmosphere, food was very tasty, service was superb!
My daughter and I shared a burger, the guacamole and fries and that was a perfect amount!
We will definitely go back!
!
Restaurant was recommended to us by another business.
Service was good, except the waiter memorized our order but when the food was brought out it was all mixed up at the table.
Fortunately the food was all correct and it was very good.
The restaurant had a great vibe I enjoyed the decor and the bar was great.
Our wait was only 20 minutes for 6 of us, as they would not take a reservation.
That was the best vegan burger I’ve ever had, the smell, the appearance and the taste made me wonder if that wasn’t meat... The price is a bit high, and the environment was really noisy and not cozy.
We fancied a decent burger and checked out the reviews on tripadvisor so booked, was shown to our table by a really friendly girl and had a great meal in a busy restaurant with buzzing atmosphere.
Our daughter still talks about how good her shake was now!
We walked around Time Square looking for somewhere to eat and have a beer or 3....
and walked around for a while then found this place, it was busy but we were told to wait at the bar where we ordered a beer, waited no more than 5 minutes and we were shown our table.
The waiters was spot on, would you like some water etc and recommended the best burgers.
Well she again got it right The signature 5 napkin burger was my choice and the wife had smashed burger?
Again wow cooked to perfection, do not be greedy and think you can handle large fries and onion rings.
.
we order a large fries and onion rings and it was a struggle to eat it all.
The beer was nice and cool, the atmosphere was nice and really enjoyed it.
Thanks, will return.
Being there with two kids was a not good experience since they let us sit next to the door where people where coming in and out.
Before the order and since we saw empty tables we kindly asked to change but nothing happened.
Care is the new value for the restaurants and in our case nobody cared.
Not because we did not change but because no one care even to talk and explain to us.
Food was ok.
Being there and wanted to come back since we liked it.
We used the opentable app for better results but it did not matter to any one.
Best burger I've had in a long time--juicy, cooked to perfection.
Sweet potato fries were tasty.
Not a huge menu, but they did also offer a nice grilled chicken sandwich with a bit of a hot kick to it.
We didn't have to wait too long to be served our meals, either, which was appreciated since we had theater tickets.
Try the carrot cake for dessert--6 layers of yummy!
When you order a burger, you don’t have to expect to order a side of fries separately, but you do.
My turkey patty, while cooked, fell apart with every bite.
Sure the location is convenient but it’s nothing I’d write home about really.
The food was tasty and arrived promptly.
The menu is not extensive, but there is enough choice and is principally an American type eaterie.
Having heard of this restaurant from my teenage niece, I was eager to try it after a theatre trip.
I could not get enough of the dill pickles that were set down in the table after we were seated and given our menus.
The Five Napkin Burger I ordered was juicy and tasty.
Service was friendly.
Recommended.
Although the 5 Napkin Burger restaurant was still expensive for a burger and fries it was significantly cheaper than almost everywhere else we ate in NYC.
The staff were great and the food was excellent.
A short walk from Times Square but worth it to save $20-$30 on your bill.
Thoroughly recommend.
Went here Sunday eve after a broadway show.
Totally full and nice atmosphere.
Awesome hamburgers.
The real thing!
Reasonable burger and fries.
Bit pricey for what it was, but tasty enough.
Place was not very busy, but we got sat almost in the laps of a young couple on a date as we did not have reservations.
Service was a bit slow.
Waiter dropping cutlery behind me, swearing, then walking off wasnt really acceptable....
but it was late on during a Friday evening.
Not much atmosphere, but ok for what it was.
5 Napkins takes reservations on a limited basis but we opted to walk-in at 7:30.
Our wait was only about 20 minutes.
The bar staff were prompt with our drinks while we waited.
Our waiter Gus was on it and we had a great meal.
Everyone had a burger as it is the specialty.
Great atmosphere, staff and food.
This sits on 9th Ave right near all the theaters.
We stopped in on Friday at 6.
Got lucky to get a table and made 8 pm show.
My boy had bacon burger.
I had 5 napkin burger.
Both very good.
Although the bun did fall apart on me.
Fries, ok.
Great staff and service.
Worth a stop when other places may be busy.
This place is awesome!
The burgers are great and the staff is friendly.
If a nice casual meal is in the books then we had a great time and meal here.
Right near all the theatres and being on 9th avenue was just far enough away from Times Square to enjoy a little breathing room.
The 5N burger and sliders were great!
The staff was very friendly, we didn't have a reservation and we waited only 15mins to be seated.
The food was excellent, I had a 5N veggie burger, highly recommended but maybe a bit expensive for what it is.
.
We had a superb meal at the restaurant.
Great atmosphere at the bar when waiting by for our table.
Blown away by the vegan burger.
Staff were friendly.
Highly recommend a visit.
We were in nyc for four days and ate here every day.
The service is always top notch and so is the food.
Emily was so fun.
Matt was also very good.
All their servers are top notch.
We always sit at the bar and meet the most interesting people.
Thanks again.
If you are looking for a great burger and fries, this is the place to go when on the West Side.
There are many choices, to include sandwiches and salads, but why eat those when at this place?
Juicy burgers cooked to order with a variety of delicious toppings.
Glad we went!
After reading some reviews, we went with high expectations to celebrate NYC Marathon completion.
Service and food were ok, but WOW factor wasn’t there.
Limited tap beers and spirits variety, onion rings order was microscopic and space for seating at the tables was less than acceptable.
Again, ok to try but there should be many orders that I will rather try before coming back.
It was a Last minute family reunion .
We got a great sitting, great service and the food was very good.
They are child friendly as well.
The burgers at this place have a very unique flavor to them.
It's a charcoal grilled type of flavor that really works.
They use those really soft potato type buns that have their own unique flavor, and the two together make for an awesome burger.
I had the 5 Napkin Cheeseburger that has an aioli sauce in addition to the typical condiments.
My wife and daughter both had the regular cheeseburger.
The two of them shared a large crinkly cut order of fries, and I had a side of onion rings.
The rings were perfect, in that the texture of the breading was perfect.
If you normally use subway/bus transportation while in NYC as we do, it's a little out of the way in terms of location being situated on 9th avenue several blocks from the nearest station and bus stops.
But it's worth the effort to go.
Highly recommend.
Amazing burger restaurant on 9th avenue, great service with very tasty food, it is best to book a place in advance so you don't wait.
The waiter was not very friendly and we all felt rushed.
The food was just okay.
It wasn't bad, but not great.
Dry, bun huge, Jack cheese no flavor, won't return.
Service was mediocre paid $100 for 2 burgers 2wines 1 beer and 1 bourbon.
Don't Mind price but food and service wasn't worth it.
Marriott concierge recommended.
Expect to wait in line unless you have a reservation!
We passed a number of places enroute with only a few people in and felt silly booking this place for dinner at 8.30.
Got to the door and people were queued up outside and in.
The burgers were great and the waiter was very helpful.
The 5NB was fantastic with the caramelised onion.
We ordered one side of fries and it was more than enough.
Great cocktails and a nice vibe.
Upbeat and friendly, yet we didn’t feel rushed on.
Would recommend this place.
Don’t bother with starters.
The burgers are huge!
!
Very disappointed....
Had been recommended by family as a "must do" place, So we booked as a group at an off peak time...We were on time but totally rushed into drinks decisions and then menu choices.
Food came promptly....
and then the bill/check, even though we had decided to have another drink...So we left....
disgruntled....
lets go elsewhere....
We were not noisy or disturbing or even "overstaying" in any way...but it was a case of quick in--eat up---quick out!
!
!
Food was good but unspectacular...tower of onion rings was modest...not great.
Overall a very poor experience.
We won't be back.
Came here for dinner after an afternoon walking round Central Park.
We hadn’t reserved a table but there was only a 10 minute wait for a table.
The burgers were great, really delicious meat.
Would definitely recommend if you’re in the area!
Known for their huge, juicy burgers, 5 Napkins also has terrific salads (avocado, tomato & feta is excellent!
!
) and even homemade tasting matzo ball soup that warmed me up on a cool, rainy night.
Service is fast and friendly.
Don't get put off by the wait and sit at the bar because it's worth it!
!
I've been there during good weather and love their patio along 9th Avenue.
Great to have a go-to place in New York before or after a show.
Love this place!
!
Reasons for bad service:Sat outside, no server came to see us, so we came inside.
They forgot most things we asked for so had to ask twice for mustard, pickles, water.
That being said the burger was amazing, fries too.
I’d still recommend.
Great location close to Broadway.
Made booking but arrived early and was seated immediately.
Fast and efficient service with menu recommendations from the staff.
Great experience.
Burgers are great, with lots of unique options.
Fast and friendly service as well.
The "boozy" shakes are terrific!
We were a party of 8; 5 teens and 3 adults.
Fabulous fun American atmosphere, very friendly staff and absolutely delicious burgers!
Highly recommend.
Visited with my family of if 6, of which 3 are coeliac.
Fabulous greeting and promise of gf bun and fries.
Super menu and friendly staff.
Gf choice of pure beef burgers was great.
However non-gf child was also given gf bun (not sure why, but he said it was one of the best burger buns he has ever had!
).
We also ordered a vanilla shake, but it arrived with a wafer.
It was returned promptly, but not returned again until we chased 10 mins later.
We arrived at 4pm, so suitably empty.
As it got busy, service dropped.
All 3 coeliac boys (ages 20, 16 & 17) gave it a big thumbs up though and voted to visit again.
Good selection of burgers, one for every taste.
Other options available as well.
Terrific cocktails; helpful, friendly service.
Great option whether you are going to the theater or not.
Great meeting place-great location-great service-great food-great ambiance-great drinks.
Love coming here when we visit New York.
We came on a Sunday night without reservations, told it would be a 20-min wait for a table for 2; or immediate seating at the bar.
We picked the bar, it literally made no difference for us.
In fact, we really enjoyed the service due to the proximity to the server.
We had a beer flight of 3 types beer that we got to pick ourselves, a lamb kofta burger and a 5 Napkin burger.
Everything tasted amazing and priced decently.
Even the veggie burgers are good ... but stay away from the fish, super bland.
Our service stunk this go-round, the location on the UWS is better.
I recommend making a reservation if you go during prime dinner hours.
Best burger I have ever had.
Little bit of a wait due to our group size (10) but they were very accommodating.
So delicious!
Very friendly greeting when we entered.
Was advised it would be a 20m wait to sit- tbh we were prepared for this.
Waited at the bar where a polite lady served us drinks and gave us menus- so much choice!
Where to start?
In the end I had the flame grill chicken burger and DH had cheese burger.
The food was delicious, really was.
Our waiter was absolutely fantastic, and the venue has a lively, quirky feel about it.
Worth every $$!
This place was recommended and did not disappoint.
The waiter was awesome and super professional and polite.
The veggie burger was incredible, the onion rings were melt in your mouth and even broccoli ... yes broccoli was prepared excellently.
Ask for extra burger sauce for your fires and non rings.
Will e back again.
Very busy and bustling and a bit chaotic.
Sure it is expensive for burgers but this is New York City of course.
We found this place on TripAdvisor as my husband wanted to have a decent burger in NYC.
It’s located in a trendy area and is super easy to find as it’s right on the corner with lots of people outside as it’s so popular.
We went on a Monday evening and it was heaving.
It’s quite noisy inside, which isn’t a problem, but just be aware.
The menu was extensive and our food arrived promptly.
There was a good choice of beers on the menu too so my husband was pleased.
Average run of the mill burger joint.
Service was fine, food was okay.
Nothing to write home about.
I don’t know that I would ever need to return.
Especially in a place like NYC where there is so much good food.
Turned up on a Saturday, for a table quickly.
Food was really really good.
Service was great and friendly, really attentive.
Not even that expensive!
My wife and I walked in without reservation and as it was a couple of empty tables we were surprised we were told to wait 'at the bar' 15-20 minutes and 15 minutes later we got one of the empty table beside a very loud company, so we couldn't hear each other, but fortunately we got our decision food very quickly.
It was really 5 napkins ( I mean STAR!
!
Both of us loved our food, server cared less.
Brussel sprouts are amazing.
Always on the hunt for a good burger and we loved it here.
We went here 3 times, because we liked the menu, hamburguer and fries quality was so good and also very good experience with waiters and the place.
We will repeat it again in our next visit to New York!
As an old School European person who knows a bit his food, I got hooked by this place.
I did not see myself giving 5 stars to a burger place (a bit of chauvinism here )Well this was a 5 stars burger!
The meat perfectly cooked, the home made bun was good and the seasoning really appetizing.
As a result the place was packed, and this is justified by the great experience.
I recommend it!
WELL what can I say this place is amazing!
!
!
The bar we were going to eat at was very busy so gave this place a try so glad we did.
After experiencing a burger back in the UK recently when I asked for it to be medium rare I was told it comes just one way murdered!
!
It was a complete joy to be served with a burger that was perfectly cooked medium rare and no blood my burger came with a avocado topping and of course cheese, the fires were also the best tasting.
My son and partner's burgers were also tip top and they also shared onion rings.
The service was very good and the waiter was friendly and attentive, there was a good atmosphere, I wanted to go here again but I also wanted to try other restaurants so I will be eager to return in the future.
This is must go to restaurant.
We visited the restaurant for dinner on a Saturday evening.
It was very busy so we had a 30 minute wait which wasn't a problem as it was a warm evening and we waited outside.
The first thing I noticed is how close the tables are together.
.
Very close.
The second was how loud and noisy the place was.
We were seated in a booth near the front door.
Service was prompt and polite.
The food was typical US fayre.
We ordered our meal which was average.
Nothing special for the price.
We would not return.
Ate here twice during a recent stay in md-town and loved it both times.
Great atmosphere, excellent burgers, fast and friendly service and reasonable value for money.
And the beer was good too.
What more can you ask for?
Book to avoid a wait for a table.
We’re staying in NYC over from Manchester UK.
This place was recommended and near our AirB&B, and it was as good as we hoped.
Busy buzzing atmosphere, friendly waiter, great burger and my wife is veggie so she had the veg burger with a salad instead of bun and she said it was all amazing (quite rare for her)!
Oh and delicious Harlem brewed IPA, 5 very well deserved stars.
One of the best burgers I’ve had!
Stopped in between Acts of Harry Potter because it was near our Airbnb.
Turned out to be one of the best quick meals we had in NY.
We travel to NYC every August.
5 Napkins was recommended by a friend and they do not disappoint.
Excellent service.
Full bar.
Salads are amazing.
Generous portions.
Make sure to visit them.
I went here with my son and the average rating is appropriate.
The food was better than average and the service was iffy since my sides were entered incorrectly and rather slow.
It was OK.
We popped here as it was near to my hotel and had good reviews here.
The service was prompt and the atmosphere was good.
The tables for two I felt were rather cramped and you have to squeeze to get out.
I had a turkey burger that was good and tasty but similar to others I had tasted.
The fries were a little bitty, I assume small potatoes were used so they weren’t great.
We were not offered deserts which I thought was odd, they seemed to want the table.
We finally stopped here for lunch after passing it on many other visits.
The burgers are big and mine was prepared exactly as I ordered it.
Our server, Julia, was terrific.
The burgers were great and there was a lot of choice.
Lots of gluten free options too and they were very accommodating for my coeliac disease!
We found it by means of TripAdvisor, basing our choice on the feedback.
I must say that we have been very satisfied.
The food was very tasty and the personnel was so kind.
We tried cheese burger and cheesecake...delicious!
This was a second choice as we couldn’t get in our first !
Very very happy that we did .
Although very busy and very noisy the staff were extremely attentive and we were greeted with ice water and pickles .
The burgers were amazing !
My friend and I had different ones and the were both really tasty and well cooked !
Another fabulous night in NYC !
5 Napkin Burger kills it.
Loved the sandwich and the fries.
Atmosphere is on point here, and the children will find appeal here, too.
I first came to 5 Napkin Burger more than 5 years ago and really enjoyed it, so when I was recently in New York with friends and they said they fancied a burger, I knew exactly where to come.
We arrived on a Friday for late lunch and were easily able to get a table.
Menus were offered and drinks options taken.
The menu is extensive so it took a while for us to select our food.
I went for a avocado ranch burger, medium rare with sweet potato fries.
The food was delicious - best burger I have had in ages.
The patty was really juicy and the burger bun perfectly sweet.
The fries were really good too.
My friends really enjoyed their burgers too.
Service was fast and friendly.
Atmosphere relaxed.
Highly recommended.
The burgers are by far the best in New York cooked to perfection.
Fabulous service.
Great family meal if you love your burgers.
Really huge and delicious prompt service great atmosphere can eat inside or outside.
Children's meals not much smaller than a adults.
Must visit if you love a burger.
Simply put, One of the best burgers I’ve ever had!
Wings were a great surprise.
Fries were good & fresh out of the fryer.
Good service, perfect selection of food, not too much to overwhelm you, but plenty of options.
Nice craft beer options as well.
We found this great restaurant on Open Table.
We went on Sunday and tried the brunch.
The prices are great and the food is awesome!
I also saw that they do a great happy hour.
We will be back!
I first discovered this restaurant in October 2017 when my daughter and I stayed in New York.
My daughter is Coeliac and so we needed safe places to eat.
We found this restaurant and we were blown away by the food.
The burgers are delicious and the gluten free buns are the best we have ever tasted.
So, when my family and I returned to New York in July 2019, we sought this restaurant out again.
It did not disappoint at all.
The atmosphere is great and even though there may be a little wait for a table, having a drink at the bar is a pleasant way to while away the time.
They serve excellent mojitos!
All the family enjoyed their chosen meal.
Great for everyone, including vegetarians.
Tried their local draft beer too which was decent enough.
We enjoyed a high quality meal for 2 adults and 3 children.
The children’s meal was of equal quality to the adults.
Good service and the highlight was the atmosphere in the restaurant.
O hamburger estava ótimo.
O atendimento do Joel T. impecável.
Great Burguer.
Amazing service by Joel T. It was fast and easy.
Fair price.
Had seen this place in instagram and had to check it out.
Was not disappointed at all!
I had their signature burger, the “5 Napkin” and it firs the bill perfectly!
If you love burgers, this place has to be added to your “must try” list!
I was on a buisness trip to NY and was lucky enough to be traveling with a co worker that spends alot if time in NY City.
My coworker recomended that we stop in to 5 Napkins Burger for lunch on our first day in town.
It was evident from the first bite, why they call this place 5 Napkins.
The burgers are juicy and the toppings are delicious.
Everything i tried, i liked.
Food is excellent.
We ate at 5 napkins for lunch all three days of our buisness trip.
Recommend!
A busy, hopping place, we were happy that we reserved via TripAdvisor / Open Table.
We were seated immediately and treated to what they advertise: burgers yummy and juicy enough you need multiple napkins.
We all ordered burgers and all like them cooked to different degrees (ranging from medium rare to medium well) — each person received what the requested.
Service was good.
A nice meal in Hell’s Kitchen.
We stumbled up this place when scouting out somewhere to eat around Hell’s Kitchen and loved our dinner.
While waiting for our table we had a drink at the bar and were shortly seated after that.
The place was packed, the burgers tasty, the service swift and the atmosphere lively which made for a great evening.
Definitely recommend going here if you’re looking for gourmet burgers with a nice ambiance.
The burgers were absolutely delicious.
The meat was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth.
We had the onion rings as an appetizer and it was quite filling, so I suggest you don't order anything too greasy or filling so that you could really enjoy that delicious burger.
I totally recommend this restaurant, you will not be disappointed.
We were on NYC for a business trip and went to 5 Napkin Burger for a birthday celebration in our group.
Everything was excellent from the moment we arrived with a reservation, the service, the food quality and the drinks!
Extremely recommended from a drink to an outstanding burger!
This restaurant was top notch.
I had a lot of fun eating at this restaurant and recommend it to everyone who enjoys a good burger.
I ordered the guacamole and didn’t expect it to be that small but nonetheless it’s quality overpowered the quantity.
The burger was delicious as the caramelized onions really made the burger pop.
Good food, great staff, and fine seating.
I am a pescatarian and this restaurant offers the beyond burger.
I got it prepared the 5Napkin way and it was cooked to perfection.
I made last minute reservations on a Friday night.
Arrived at 9 and was seated immediately.
Conveniently located in Hell’s Kitchen a few short blocks from Times Square.
This is overdue...last month we ate here after a long work day.
We had no wait, we asked to switch tables for more room (we're both very tall), no problem.
Had bacon/cheeseburgers, split an order of fries.
Everything hot and cooked to order.
Ivan was our main server, great!
If you have tummy room, please get the brownie sundae for dessert, we split it and justify the calories because we've walked the city all day long.
YUM!
Love the super air conditioning, especially on a hot, humid day.
Bathroom could be neater.
Wow - what great burgers this restaurant offers.
The food is really really tasty & menu offers great variety.
Was given this restaurant name by some locals who highly recommend & they did not disappoint.
You may have to wait for seat but it’s worth a try if you are sick of all the other normal touristy type restaurants that surround Time Square.
It was loud, crowded, nice atmosphere...friendly staff...good burgers...tasty nachos...good drafted beer.
Not cheap.
.
but fine for what we got!
The place was very nice and clean, the waitress was fast and really kind and the food was very good!
Went for dinner.
Good location, next to a lot of stuff.
The food was good.
I can recommend the guacamole ranch burger and sweet potato fries.
The 5 Napkin Burger is a must-visit restaurant in Manhattan!
The restaurant is very bright and cheerful making the atmosphere amazing.
I ordered a Grilled Chicken (Burger) which was one of the best burgers I have ever had.
Around 10 minutes from ordering, our food arrived The BBQ spiced chicken was delicious and tender.
The BBQ - ranch mayo also blended really well into the burger.
Overall, it was a delightful experience and a MUST VISIT place in Manhattan!
We had lunch at 5 Napkin on a recent family holiday in NY.
40 min waiting.
Not good food.
Expensive.
Other tables arrive later than us and got the food first.
And really.
Food not a big deal.
Find a better place more fair.
The burgers here are great and that is all you need to know.
No matter the type of burger or how you want it prepared, the burgers are great.
Yes they have salads.
We had to wait for 15 minutes to have a table.
It was full and people waiting for a table.
Delicious Burgers salads, potatoes and generous food.
Beyond meat!
Thank gosh for vegan options while traveling on this HOT summer day.
This place had a nice decor when compared to the pissy streets of NY.
The wait staff was nice & our waitress kept our water glasses fill, which is a plus in July.
We got the Beyond Meat patty with vegan cheese (follow your heart) & it’s fixings.
Their French fries were a perfect addition & the sweet potato fries were tasty as well.
I’d come back here if I’m in the area again.
They do have a full bar, which we didn’t partake in.
Multiple visits to this location recently and the burgers truly are first-rate.
The bacon cheeseburger, however, this time seemed to be a bit skimpy on a key ingredient...namely the bacon.
Also, terribly overcooked and brittle but the burger itself was as good as ever.
5 Napkin Burger was perfect for mu daughter.
Server was overly enthusiastic to the point of not listening to what we actually ordered and one burger came out wrong.
We said nothing as we were starved.
Server also refilled the wrong soda once and then refilled it again even after being told we did not want another.
Slow down and listen, please.
You did a great job but then lessen it by not paying any attention.
Our waitress Julia was really nice she kept my water full, which was a plus for me.
That’s really all I require at a restaurant.
Lots of choices, but we got the Beyond Meat burger with Vegan cheese which was really good can’t even tell it’s Vegan , along with the fresh cut fries and sweet potato fries.
If you sign up for her loyalty program which is quick you get a free side hence the sweet potato fries .
It’s located on the corner of 45th and 9th street in Hell’s Kitchen.
There is no WiFi , but the a.c. Is awesome blows nice and cold.
I would come back.
I think our hometown has us spoiled with great burgers.
The burgers were good, but not the best ever.
The tables for two are squashed together so you're pretty much part of the tables next to you too.
We did not like that at all.
The service was good and Hell's Kitchen is a nice area.
We are glad we tried it, but probably won't be back.
We will visit Hell's Kitchen again though!
The 6 of us went after seeing Ain’t Too Proud for a bite.
Most had burgers which were cooked to how it was ordered and they were pretty good.
Being a burger lover, have had many across Canada and the US and a I would rate these as pretty good.
Now, I also ordered the Motza Ball soup and it was freaking delicious.
The Motza ball was light and airy, not heavy like some I have had and the broth was spot on, totally recommend this if you are a fan at all.
The service was also very good here as well!
If one was convenient we would go again, but not sure if we would make a special trip to go back.
From start to finish we couldn't fault a thing.
The staff who seated us to the waitresses, the bar staff and food.
Our burgers were phenomenal pretty much all had different but all were great.
Top notch!
!
!
!
!
We had pre-booked table on our trip during our Spring break and that was needed, the cue outside for a table was long!
very good service, good suggestion my the waitress and excellent burgers for the entire family!
I highly recommend this restaurant for an All American Burger experience!
I've been to the restaurant before, however, it has been a few years.
The service was really poor.
The waitress never even came back to see how the meal was or if I needed anything.
The veggie burger was good, skip the frozen margarita and french fries!
Had read reviews and was also recommended by friend in UK So had to try.
We came out of the M and M shop time square turned right and walked 2 blocks down and came across this absolute gem of a place in hells kitchen, It was really busy and there were 6 of us so we were asked to wait 20 mins or split up and sit immediately, which is what we did, the service was fantastic with drinks straight away, which the staff refilled when ever you were low, our girls are the fussiest eaters ever, they ordered the cheeseburger plain, they were that delicious they could of eat 2!
!
Lovely fries but huge portions only needed x1 between us, I got the 5 napkin double cheeseburger which really was out of this world, worth every cent, highly recommend.
We visited on a Thursday evening- it was incredibly busy but this didn’t stop the service from being personable and friendly.
Fantastic atmosphere, great beer selection and good menu.
My husband had the 5 napkin burger - which was cooked perfectly and he thoroughly enjoyed!
I had the impossible burger- something I was so looking forward to trying and it really didn’t disappoint!
It was juicy, tasty and cooked to perfection- the best meat substitute burger I have ever had!
We had a portion of sweet potato fries and onion rings to share which were crunchy and tasty!
We also had desserts- hubby going for the NY cheesecake and me having the apple pie- both of which exceeded expectation.
The service was friendly, helpful and fast but not rushed.
After a very long 22 hr day, we stumbled across this restaurant quite late.
It was excellent.
The food and service was excellent .
The price was reasonable too.
Would highly recommend, best burger and chips I’ve ever had.
Highly recommend 5 Napkin and their 5 Napkin Burger.
One of the best I have eaten.
Don't ever do well done even if you a British or an Aussie.
Med Rare the only way to go.
We had a great waiter in David Xai.
Ask for him he will serve you well.
We visited 5 Napkin Burger wanting a great burger; and that’s what we got.
Nice vibe, good service; pleasant night out.
Certainly a good option if you’re in the area.
After checking the menu on TA, I planned to get the Brussels sprouts and fries- I don’t eat meat.
But after checking the menu after arriving, I decided on the Grains and Greens salad.
It was very tasty.
Being solo, I ate at the bar watching golf onTV and chatting with the friendly bartender.
Pickles were ok, salad was pretty healthy and reasonable size.
Could’ve added protein including vegetarian burger or the new Beyond Meat burger, but not necessary.
Nice cocktails.
Fries homemade but too salty.
Partner’s burger had smokey cheese and caramelized onions I’m told were very good, hence it’s the 5 napkin namesake burger.
WOW, what a great place to come to.
Really great food and service - we had a good meal here and did not need to eat again that day and at amazing value as well.
We wanted to try some New York burgers before we left and saw that this place came highly recommended.
This is just 5 minutes from Times Square and when we arrived about 17:45, it was already busy with a 15 minute wait.
It was worth the wait though and we all enjoyed our burgers, including a vegetarian burger for my son.
The service was friendly and quick and we would definitely recommend if you're looking for a good burger.
It was the best Burguer I’ve ever have eaten.
Great option for someone that is visiting New York City!
!
The restaurant was a nice little cafe type restaurant.
We did not have a burger but the chicken and waffles were AWESOME!
!
!
!
The service was excellent and the restaurant was very clean.
Tipical American local with multiple choise.
.
we raccomand you the classical burger couse the beef and bacon is perfect.
The burgers here are to die for.
I’ve eaten here a number of times and had both beef and chicken burgers and they are superb.
Excellent Excellent food.
I had the Buffalo Chicken Burger and my husband had a traditional Cheeseburger.
I should have taken photos but was really hungry and the food looked fantastic - which it was.
The location of this venue was in the Hell's Kitchen District.
Service was excellent.
Having been in NYC before I learned to dine in restaurants that appear 'busy' - this one did and the theory stood correct.
We did walk up/down the street looking to see what restaurant caught our eye.
I am glad we chose this one.
Price was very comparable to what I would pay in Canada.
Sadly we found 5 NPmin at the end of our holiday however we did manage to eat here twice.
The burgers and salad were amazing and the servu e very friendly.
We would have no hesitation recommending 5 Napkin to anyone.
Bernie our big Bus tour guide recommended this restaurant and we were so glad he did.
Organic beef and freshly ground steak for the burger ... delicious.
The survive was friendly and fast.
Gorgeous food !
!
!
We were recommended this place by our hotel reception and it was fabulous.
Super food and service!
!
No water, no glasses for beer unless you ask.
Despite of reservation we were seated af the worst tBle.
While nothing really stood out about this place, the food was good, the staff was friendly, and the prices were reasonable.
While I didn’t try one, the milkshakes are supposedly really good.
We booked before arriving in New York and were glad we did as the place was packed to the rafters.
The service was very good, food was delicious.
We ordered a variety of burgers and were not disappointed.
Wine was on offer too as it was Tuesday so enjoyed the Sauvignon Blanc even more.
good choice of desserts too, apple pie was particularly good.
Easily the best burger I’ve ever eaten.
Great restaurant in a great location.
10 minute walk from Times Square, make the effort and go.
You won’t be disappointed.
We visited a friend in NYC and she suggested that we all eat here.
We were a party of 6 (including 3 kids).
We had a reservation for 7, but we got there early and they sat us about 6:45 in a very generous-sized booth.
Delicious food, good kids menu, and they did not rush us.
We enjoyed a great meal.
Highly recommend.
Lovely atmosphere and the service and food were great.
Very popular with locals so do either go early or see if you can book.
Good range of beers and ales too.
We were looking for something quick for lunch, the concierge at the Edison suggested 5 Napkin, turned out to be just what we were looking for.
Not the cheapest hamburger in the world, but frankly, I'm getting too old for cheap hamburgers, What we had was top-notch, I had a classic cheeseburger, my wife had the signature burger, we we both very pleased & the service was great.
They even had non-alcoholic ginger beer - yes!
!
Fresh and tasty grain and greens salad.
My friend had the buffalo chicken burger - to die for.
The hostess was sweet.
The wait staff, very attentive and accommodating.
Cannot wait until I am able to return.
Looking for the best burger restaurants in NYC, and not disappointed with 5 Napkin Burger on 9th Ave.
Great buzzy evening atmosphere, delicious burgers, excellent service...and a crinkle-cut fries option ...paradise!
Had to wait 30 mins at the bar for a table at 7:30pm, but that’s a good sign, right?
The beer’s good too.
Thoroughly recommended for a mid-town escape from the touristy.
Everything was good with this restaurant except very long time after eating and before getting check.
The food was excellent.
Hostess was very friendly.
Waitstaff was efficient.
I’d go again.
First visited while on holiday in new York Hell’s Kitchen is really nice and vibrant with lots of restaurants.
Walked in and requested a booth and got one within minutes.
Soft drinks are free unlimited refills although you don’t even have to ask the server will top your drink up as soon as your getting low which is a nice touch.
Really nice place.
I don't know how we never visited this place before, but some of our friends recommended it.
We had to wait for a while for our table, but it was ok, so i would recommend to reserve.
Burgers were really good i enjoyed well prepared meat.
If you are looking for a great burger after a long day in time square I highly recommend 5 Napkin Burger.
It is best to reserve ahead but if you don’t mind waiting it is h the wait.
Their burgers are from out of this world.
Big, juicy and flavorful!
Stopped by after a great day walking around.
Someone recommended it to us.
Great burgers, awesome place, could have better beer.
Service ok.
Kids loved it also.
Just go for it!
!
Great ambient, really great service and a huge burger... it is worth to try it, not cheap but worth every taste!
!
!
On our first day in NY we decided to try 5 napkin burger because of how the place looked.
The food and the services was great!
I would recommend this place.
Service was slow, food was no better than 5 Guys and was overpriced.
We waited several minutes after being seated before even being acknowledged.
I know sometimes restaurants can get busy but it was only 4:30 and the restaurant had several empty seats.
.
Finally we get our drink order in than another 5 min later another waiter comes over to take our drink order again.
Our food was ordered and arrived quickly.
Yes, I enjoyed the burger I ordered but it was no better than Five Guys and just more expensive.
I was simply not impressed.
We had 3 burgers between 2 of us and after lunch felt so heavy.
hahaVery good burgers and very juicy.
Just wait time to get a burger was to much.
5 Napkin is not too far off Times Square and definitely worth the visit.
Really great juicy burgers with tasty toppings all nice and fresh, fries & sweet potato fries are really good and the service quick and friendly.
Not the cheapest place you will find but in Manhattan/Hell's Kitchen it's on par with all the rest and good value for the burgers.
5 Napkin can get busy and deservedly so, worth booking if you want to avoid a wait at peak times.
This was our first feed when we arrived in NY at 9pm, place was packed but we got fed quickly.
Burgers are great, patties are a little dry but really tasty.
Cocktails were delicious too!
Visited here a couple of times whilst staying in New York.
Probably the best place we ate all holiday.
The burgers were incredible.
Had to go back a second time just to try a different burger.
Great service both times, even with them encouraging people not to go on the wifi but instead for people to talk to each other.
What a crazy idea!
Good location for us as well as within walking distance from our hotel.
Of the myriad of burger joints in the world crowded with burger joints, this busy bistro atmosphere shoppe is a good choice.
The basic burgers are moist and tasty, fries are good!
Sometimes a good burger is all one could ask for in life.
We were in the mood for burgers so we did what mist do and googled best burgrrs near me....
thats when we came upon 5 napkin....
we went and put our name in.
45 min wait, damn wtf im hungry!
We waited and it was worth it no doubt.
Damn good burger.
I got the 5 napkin signature burger medium and it was bomb.
Onion rings and fries were good too.
The milk shakes looked good but we didnt try them.
This was my first time in the restaurant and the first time of many things in my 2-week stay in NYC.
I was with my wife and my 2 year-old kid.
The food was decent but the service was the worst I’ve ever had and truly disrespectful, I didn’t want to leave any tip but my wife insisted.
First time in NYC I’m not offered a high chair for my kid.
When served water, only my wife got a glass, neither my kid nor me.
I asked for a beer, a wheat beer and they brought me the bottle without any glass (really?
?
!
!
)When asked for a glass they brought me a WARM glass, to drink a beer!
The food took more than 20 minutes to come.
We got my kid a kids menu consisting of fried chicken and fries, well, the chicken was freezer cold.
My wife asked for the sauce to be on the side, guess what?
The sauce was all over her burger!
The waitress (Nickquae) was haughty, never said thank you or offered her help and of course not a simple smile.
My daughter works close to this place and has gone there before so when my and her two children visited her we decided to eat lunch there.
Were seated quickly ... waiter was friendly and informative.
My daughter recommended the Lobster Sliders and we both ordered them ... great recommendation !
Both were tasty and fresh ... seemed a bit 'pricey' but well worth it if you like lobster.
Kids had a child shake each and enjoyed them.
My daughter and I shared the 5 Napkin burger, sweet potatoe fries and the Brussels sprouts.
Delicious.
All of it.
But I think the sprouts were my favorite.
Cooked to perfection (crispy outside) and the seasoning was perfect.
I would eat here again.
Busy burger place with a great menu.
Service was excellent and enjoyed the brussel sprouts as a side!
Some decent beers on the menu too.
Would recommend but be sure to book.
We went with my family... my daughter ordered cheese burgers, my wife a chicken salad and me the 5 napkin burger which was amazing.
Please book it before!
There are several locations in New York City.
This review is for the one on 9th Avenue in Hell's Kitchen.
Stopped here for dinner after seeing a Broadway Show.
Was glad that we made a reservation as there was up to an hours wait for tables.
We were seated fairly promptly and we each ordered (what else) bacon cheddar burgers.
The meal is ala carte and the sides are large enough for 2.
There were 4 of us so we ordered one order of fries and one roasted Brussel sprouts which were awesome.
The food came out quick and each burger was cooked as ordered.
They also have a full bar with quite a few selections of bottled and draft beers.
The meal was quite filling.
We had no idea there was so much meat!
We finished the burgers of course, and I think we had one with avocados and another with bacon, both very good but slightly greasy, fries could have been better.
Food first...it was great.
Everything was fresh and flavorful.
The menu was diverse enough and offered great vegetarian options as well.
Solid drink menu also.
Our table had the impossible burger, a standard cheeseburger, and an avocado ranch burger.
We all ate very bite.
Fries and brussel sprouts on the side were fantastic.
I want to specifically call out the service though.
After being seated it was apparent our primary server was tied up.
In many places that would have spelled a problem with timely attention.
What appeared to be a manager quickly stepped in to take our drink and food orders while another server later also checked in on us.
When our server got caught up, he picked right up and finished things out as if he had been there the whole time.
It was a very nice display of teamwork that kept us very happy.
We went here on our first night in NYC.
Great Margheritas and I would recommend the Sweet Potato Fries.
We couldn’t manage a pudding.
.
Friendly service and busy.
We booked a table, so I’d recommend that you do the same.
Almost all classic burgers taste the same.
However, the 5 Napkin burger is in a league of its own.
Hormone and antibiotic free, the taste is so good I would have no problem having it everyday!
The sweet potato fries and apple pie were great too.
Nice decor, the ceiling reminiscent of a slaughterhouse (in a good way).
Very friendly staff and reasonably priced for such quality.
My partner described the burger he had here as one, if not, the best he had ever had!
I thought mine was good but wouldn't stretch that far.
Staff are friendly and there's always plenty of people dining showing it's popular with the locals.
We had dinner here.
The place was busy, but we had great service.
The food came out exactly right and the burgers were very good .
Fries were just okay.
First time we went, I ordered the vegan burger.
They brought it to the table and my brother said...take it back, that is meat and my sister ordered vegetarian.
IT WAS VEGETARIAN but you would not have known.
It was delicious and that is why we keep coming back.
I first enjoyed a meal at 5 Napkin two years ago when in New York with my daughter.
She is vegetarian and this is one of the rare restaurants that truly cater for both meat and non-meat eaters.
I recently returned with my husband - a meat lover - and we both enjoyed an extremely tasty meal.
The restaurant is very pleasant and clean and the staff most efficient and friendly.
The prices are reasonable for New York: we felt we had good value for money - unlike some of the other restaurants we tried.
Definitely a winner with us!
Not the best I’ve ever had but certainly not the worst.
It was very crowded on a Sunday night so we sat at the bar and ordered.
That was a solid move because shortly after we ordered the bar filled up and there were no seats.
Overall, it was a pricey burger in Times Square but the food and service were good.
Visited around 1600 was quite busy but got a table quickly.
I had the 5 napkin burger which was lovely except from the aioli.
It was absolutely covered in aioli so much so it was running out.
I found the creaminess of this to be too overpowering so had to scrape it off and leave most of the bun.
The meat itself was lovely and the fries were tasty.
Enjoyable... had the 5N Manhattan drink at the bar, if you are into whiskey order this drink.
I also had the lobster sliders another good choice, my husband had a chicken burger, he said it was juicy.
Sweet potato fries.
.
just right.
Friendly, great service.
Only thing, tables are REALLY close together.
My son who is an expert on all things burger said this was the best one he ever had.
My husband was likewise really pleased with his.
I had the tuna and it was also very good.
Service was very pleasant but a little spotty.
One wrong drink order but it was very pleasantly rectified.
A definite when I am in the theater district again.
The person I was with commented on me having a Cesar salad in a burger bar.
Then the table next to me also joined in.
In the end they all cut pieces off of their burgers for me to try, not so foolish now.
The food was very good.
*** Don't expect 5 Napkins, they only give you one!
My extra helpful waitress could not have been more delightful!
She suggested I go with the lamb feta burger, and that choice did not disappoint!
Absolutely delicious....
I was dining solo, so I did not order any side (like the suggested fries), but all table around me had them.
The sweet potato fries seemed to be a huge hit.
This place is loud and busy but, I read it had great burgers.
It did not disappoint.
Thick burger on brioche bun with great tasting Britney pickles too!
Fries were good as well.
Strangely they serve sushi as too?
Seemed odd.
We made a reservation same day and got in but, it was full and people were waiting for tables.
We called in on Saturday night, got a seat straight away even though the place was busy with a great atmosphere.
Between us we had a blue cheese burger, 5 napkin burger and shared sweet potato fries.
The burgers were delicious, so juicy and tasty and we couldn't finished the fries!
Anywhere I go I let the waiter know I have gluten allergy well I ordered a burger and it came on a regular bun.
I am very sensitive the waiter apologized once I brought it to her attention.
She was adamant about fixing my order and told me my burger would be free.
Then came the bill I'm like why am I being charger, manager comes over and says well you ate well yes but after y'all tried to kill me with gluten.
And the waitress was adamant about getting me another burger.
Waitress was awesome, manager sucked.
My wife and I came in after a show for a quick bite and a beer.
We had the late night happy hour sliders and fries.
The burgers were excellent and the fries were good.
The beer selection was pretty good too.
I would definitely come back again.
On a recent trip to NYC.
My partner and I ate here twice.
Great menu.
Tasty food.
Service was best we had.
Complementary iced water.
Chicken wings in bbq sauce were the best I tasted.
All for good money.
Really tasty burgers and selection of types, fillings.
I real favourite.
Getting a 4 or 3 star experience at a 5 Napkin Burger is a gamble but I would still go when the moment or the mood strikes.
They're convenient, the happy hour is a good value (as well as the normal bar prices), the food is always good at least, and the service is consistently good to excellent.
The prices are fair overall.
This was a 4-star visit for us; thus, the 4-star rating.
We spent $71 for - two glasses of sauvignon blanc- a gin-and-grapefruit cocktail, which might be the Smokey Rose?
- fries- the kofteh burger- asian crunch salad with teriyaki tuna: good value because the tuna was tasty and cooked to rare.
We ate at the bar (shout out to server "PM B," ha ha).
We also go to the Broadway and 85 Street store.
Great burger spot.
We had excellent attentive service.
Brunch service until 4:00 pm was great, our 3 kids all opted for Belgian waffles and wolfed them down.
Besides a top notch burger great drinks too, try the Velvet Mule.
The best burgers I had in New York.
The place is clean and nicely decorated.
Waiting staff was really nice and helpful.
The place is not too expensive and it fully deserves 5 stars!
Was a planned top to when taking our 22 year old granddaughter to NYC to see Anastasia.
Unique setting for burgers.
It’s a little noisy but that fits the setting.
Service was good.
Food was good.
We all enjoyed the visit.
The food was good, and we enjoyed our family get together.
But it's loud!
Don't expect a place for a chat.
Pretty typical of popular restaurants these days.
It's busy, so reserve a table.
Went to 5 Napkin Burger with my daughter and her NYU college friends.
Fun place, great service and outstanding good.
Would definitely recommend and will visit there again.
We ate at this restaurant the best hamburgers in New York !
Frankly, the meat was excellent, the bread sublime, as well as the accompaniment.
Very good cocktails, succulent desserts, and attentive staff.
We are French and will be there again on our next trip to NYC.
This restaurant is a true example of an outstanding gourmet burger and everything tastes fresh that you put into your mouth.
I also recommend adding the guacamole to any burger!
!
I went to Five Napkin Burger for a family member's birthday and it was great!
We got the onion ring tower as an appetizer and it was delicious, especially with the sauces.
I got the Double Cheeseburger Smash and it was huge.
The meat was cooked very well and to say that it was juicy is an underestimate.
I really did need more than one napkin for the meal.
The other person I was with got the 5 Napkin Burger which was also very tasty.
There was great service and we got to walk around NYC for a 20 minute wait, as we were texted when a table was available.
Overall, it was a really great experience and I can't wait to return!
Had lunch at the 'Five Napkins' with friends.
We tried to have dinner there the other day, but did not have reservations so we preferred not to wait.
The food was very good.
Great onion rings.
The service was also excellent.
Visited last night as we were first day in New York, did some google searches for where to eat by the hotel and saw your restaurant....
checked the menu out and decided to go - got there and there wasn’t a table for us in site - best sign we’d had as busy places are not usually bad food places - went to the bar as we were told the wait was 10 minutes for our table and immediately the buzzer went off and table was ready - excellent service!
All I can say is I ordered the 5N Cheeseburger and it was the best thing I’ve ever eaten - firstly the waiter was great and offered me it medium or well done - always medium!
!
!
Literally could eat this burger every day (although my waistline my disagree!
)Thanks and thanks again 5 Napkin Burger!
!
Had dinner yesterday night at this place (one burger, a salad and some fries) and now my boyfriend and I are both sick.
This really ruined our night.
For a reason.
Great burger.
Well presented, tasty bun, good meat.
Great onion rings, and good fries too (my wife liked them, and she doesn't like anything).
Lives up to its reputation, and worth the wait.
Jen & I ate here one night on our N.Y.C visit and we weren’t disappointed.
Fantastic busy place , cool bar to sit and drink whilst we waited for our table .
Once seated our waitress was amazing, friendly and chatty .
The meal was tasty , I had a burger and Jen had steak .
.
delicious!
Overall a brilliant night , a must visit for anyone visiting New York !
