We often try and avoid chains when in NYC but couldn't get into the place we wanted to so shared a desert and had a cocktail all good cannot fault service and quality of drinks and food.
The longest wait ever for the worst hamburger ever.
Not recommended at all!
The hamburger was cold and tasted like absolute nothing.
Standard Applebee's fare but good and fast.
Margaritas were a little too sweet but that's a preference thing.
Overall, quite good.
We walked in & very busy was seated upstairs, Found all staff that served us very friendly Good service, but was a bit slow to bring the bill at the end.
My steak was cooked perfect how i like it.
portion size good too.
For some reason the website wouldn't work in the UK before going to view the menu.
Would reccommend this place & will go back again.
Had breakfast here while in NYC and it was great....
the staff were very friendly and welcoming and the food was delicious.
The menu has plenty of options to choose from and isnt badly priced.
They gave us top up on tea and coffee too which was good!
As we walked in the front of house did a full mouth yawn, what a welcome!
The waitress was impatient and frankly what you expect from a mass chain that does not care about the customer.
I was approached by a kind waitress who asked where I’d like to sit and I said the dining area so she seated me, then I used the restroom.
On returning my table was taken by other guests and I was approached by a new waitress named Ange who was the rudest waitress I have ever met.
I said I would like to sit in the dining area and she said ‘or you can sit in the bar’ and I said no I would like to sit here, she responded with the same.
I asked why I could not sit there, she replied “because it’s not where I told you to sit!
” I said that the previous waitress did not have a problem with it (and there were multiple guests already seated it’s not like it was closed) and she replied “yeah well I don’t know who the other waitress was”.
Which is completely irrelevant and rude.
I wanted to get up and walk out because her poor attitude made me not want to spend my hard earned money in such an establishment that allows that behaviour to guests.
She then stood at the host stand FaceTiming somebody.
I watched her rudely approach other customers who walked out.
She then spoke extremely rude to a waiter and they had a disagreement in the middle of the restaurant.
I couldn’t believe the poor vibe in the place, all seemingly resulting from your waitress Ange.
I have worked in some prestigious restaurants and establishments around the world and I was genuinely gobsmacked that a human like her has a job.
I will never go there again and the food was not good enough to compensate such ill customer service.
Good food served by friendly, welcoming staff.
A wide variety of choice, all cooked and served to order.
We visited after a show.
and thoroughly enjoyed the food.
We came here most days for our breakfast.
It’s certainly cheaper than the big hotels.
Staff were very friendly and efficient.
The omelettes were fresh.
Tea or coffee is refilled quickly.
Toast or pancakes come with the eggs order.
All in all, it’s a good start to the day.
We liked both the breakfast and the dinner.
There was plenty of choises for both of them.
The dishes are definitely big enough!
The service is nice and the location is super.
The price is ok.
Couldn’t fault this place.
We went on a Sunday afternoon & got cocktails and food.
The cocktails were huge and good value.
I got baby back ribs & husband got a burger.
The food was perfectly cooked & great value.
Location was perfect too & very central in nyc.
Highly recommend!
We were starving and popped in around lunch time.
We were pleasantly surprised we were seated right away and our waitress was quick to acknowledge us.
We decided what we wanted and placed our order.
Our spinach and artichoke dip arrived quickly and hot!
It was delicious.
Our meals were right behind with a chicken dish, oriental salad wrap and 2 kids meals we were full and ready to conquer more of NY.
Other places had waits up to 45 minutes so we were thrilled for Applebee’s availability!
Was serve with over microwaved veg.
.
oh well... meat was overcooked and sloppy... Was not even lunchcrowd yet.
.
Enjoyed our meal here.
Very nice staff.
The food was good.
It wasn’t real crowded because everyone was at the Christmas Tree lighting.
We watched it on TV at Applebee’s.
Excellent service and good value for money.
We had a great breakfast here and staff were friendly and welcoming.
Food was good and came quickly.
We arrived at 11:30 on the Friday after Thanksgiving, we wanted breakfast.
The server brought lunch utensils and menu and then disappeared.
When he came back we asked about breakfast and he brought the other menus.
He took our breakfast order and got it wrong.
We had ordered toast and he brought pancakes, without syrup.
When we finally got his attention, we waited at least 5 -7 min more for 1 slice of toast each.
When we had finished our cold breakfast he was busy with other guests and we had to flag him down to get our bill.
I had to stand and put my coat on before he came with the check.
If I were to be back in New York I would avoid this Applebee’s.
The food was okay but bad service ruins a meal for us.
We went here hoping to get in and out relatively quickly.
When we got there, there was quite a crowd.
We were quickly seated but then it was downhill from there.
We sat down and didn't get a waitress for about 10 minutes.
So, we were ready to order.
My daughter asked for a simple request - ribs with no sauce.
I asked for regular tea.
When my tea arrived, it was some sort of light colored flavored tea - I asked for plain tea.
The waitress stated that this was the only type of tea they had - despite their menu stating they had Lipton Brewed Tea - if you don't have regular tea, why not tell the patron when they order vs after you bring the drink to the table...and, I'm pretty sure that Applebees has regular tea.
But, the worst part was that it took 51 minutes for my daughter's order to be delivered to the table.
The waitress brought my food and my son's food -but, it took another 40 minutes for my daughter's food.
At what point do you not believe this is out of line.
Will not go to Applebees again regardless of location.
Also -just to be warned, the prices at this Applebees are very high.
I get it, it is NY and close to Times Square.
So, they have to soak every tourist they can.
For 3 people, it cost us $98 before tip for a burger, chicken tenders and ribs.
Visited both restaurants on our visit to the big apple and were more than impressed with the food and service.
Highly recommend a visit for a good priced breakfast And friendly staff.
Friendly staff and good service but the food and prices are just average, not very memorable, there are much better places nearby.
Called in for lunch on an extremely cold day and were lucky enough to get a table away from the door as it was quite draughty.
Waited a long time to be served but eventually a girl came over and said she's serve us even though it wasn't one of her tables.
Our beer eventually arrived followed by Double Crunch Shrimp and french fries.
The meal portion was too large for my liking but the food was very good.
A huge school party of kids went through to the back room so this is oviously popular with locals.
Found the place to be lacking in atmosphere but there is a varied men u and the food is good value for money.
Great place to get food you can trust just 2mins from Times Square.
Very reasonably priced for the location and excellent staff.
Firstly the food was great and we enjoyed ourselves.
However, we did not like the initial reception.
Upon arrival we saw a table with cusioned seats available.
It was clear to me this was fine for 4 people (as other tables had less), but the assitant refused to let us sit there.
Then to my annoyance a couple directly behind us were escroted to the very same table by another hostess (yes 2 people).
We were then told to site on a small table and i suggested another.
After we had settled for a few mins included ordering drinks another hostess arrives asking us to move to a smaller table.
At this point i summoned the manager, who stated we were fine where we are and some staff are new.
My problem is why don't they have this knowledge as not rocket science, plus just using eye sight and commen sense on seating.
Went to the restaurant for a quick lunch.
Ended up trying the impossible burger, drinks and dessert.
Impossible burger was impressive, staff was very friendly and serviceminded.
Nice atmosphere and had a quiet and enjoyable meal.
Had breakfast here before visiting Top of the Rock.
Had the two egg breakfast with endless coffee for $1.
Scrambled eggs and bacon plus two slices of seven grain toast plus butter and strawberry jam.
Very good service and quality of food.
service was good apart for one day when the food arrived cold, however, they changed it without quibble.
Great value for money.
Would recommend.
Quick service but only lukewarm food.
Tasted good but when it’s not hot it takes away for the flavour.
Coffee was hot though and the waitress was helpful.
No prices shown for drinks.
When queried we were told between 10&15$.
When the bill arrived of course they were all 15$.
Loaded dishes, reasonable price and good, friendly service.
A fantastic restaurants full of the American classic dishes you'd expect as a tourist.
A good, clean and welcoming restaurant with fantastic service.
The menu was full of great combinations and when they arrived the dishes were super sized.
Great food, totally worth the money - not that it was expensive at all.
Given em a go, you wont be disappointed.
Well, what can I say or write.
If you are a fan of loaded dishes, this is the place you might be happy, this was for us a reason not to go again.
The food was okay, but that's it.
For a group of 34 this was an excellent stop for an after theatre dinner.
Not sure I would bother if I was solo or with a small group.
We went for breakfast and expected the same food we are used to in Brazil.
But... the “build your own” was awful, tasteless eggs, terrible pancakes and the additional bacon was 2 slices.
If you don’t have bacon in stock just don’t offer, it’s offensive to pay for it.
The amount was 40 dollars for two (eggs cheese and the smell do bacon) and 1 juice.
We left the restaurant hungry and frustrated.
If I could give 0 stars I would.
Don’t go!
!
!
Two visits for breakfast and each was very good.
Good was cooked to order so a little bit of a weight but worth it.
Coffee refills on request and service was prompt and friendly.
I was very happy with the meal.
My ribeye steak was cooked just right and my granddaughter liked the pasta and cheese sticks.
Good service and good environment.
The food is good and the service is great until the crowd comes they it slows right down.
The beef fajitas were not tender.
They could had been better.
Service was not good.
They recommended those fajitas, the salsas were good but the beef was terrible.
We were visiting New York City and there was a traffic jam due to a parade that did not allow us to reach our hotel in a timely manner.
We decided to stop and have lunch and wait out the traffic.
We went to the Applebee’s near Times Square to get a quick bite and a drink.
For future travelers, BEWARE.
This is not your normal Applebee’s.
Be prepared to empty your wallet.
You would be better served by taking a chance on a local eatery and/or bar for a quick stop.
I went on a quest to find the best BBQ baby back ribs in NYC.
I ate at 4 recommended places, all were nice, but no one even comes close to Applebee's double glazed ribs.
They are unbelievably juicy, the meat falls off the bones.
They never overcook or burn them (I ate there about 6 times) and the taste... divine!
Their french fries are also the best I had in a long time.
We were staying near to this Applebee’s so thought we would give it a go for breakfast.
Upon arrival we were asked to go to the second floor (first for brits) where we were shown to our table promptly.
First impression it’s a big room, a little dowdy and in need of a refurb.
Things like the lacquer on the table was worn and it felt a little dirty.
The menus displayed on the table were all worn and a little grubby in my opinion.
The food choice was ok and the order taken promptly.
The coffee came quickly but the food wasn’t quite as quick.
The coffee was as cold as it took so long and bizarrely we were never offered a top up.
The restaurant wasn’t even very busy.
The food was ok, my friend had a Mexican omelette which he enjoyed and I had a ham and cheese one which was mediocre.
I didn’t hate it but I wouldn’t rush back.
It’s a big faceless chain and seems to reinvest a little more at this store.
Good food, large meals and service excellent for a very busy restaurant.
Had to wait for a table initially but it was worth waiting for!
I would recommend to all as there was a lot of variety on the menu.
We like to came back to this restaurant when we’re in New York because it’s a good restaurant chain and in particular in this place we find friendliness from the waitresses and a compromise between cost and food.
New York its more expensive but every body know this.
Applebees does what it sets out to do very well.
Mass market burgers and ribs amongst other things.
Big portions, not overly expensive.
A bit basic but absolutely hits the spot.
We ordered the 2 quesadillas burgers from the menu which were on a meal deal, my husband ordered a plain burger.
Three cokes and a check for $83!
!
!
!
Each burger on the menu was priced at $10.49 but the two quesadillas were 2 for $20.
We questioned the bill and was told that it was an old menu.
So though it was a Saturday evening, this was pretty unexecusable.
The bad part was my family was 1/4th into their meals before she came to check on us and then realized her mistake.
She did comp us 10% off the bill but that only amounted to 1/2 off on the dishes.
The food was good though (typical) and make sure that you get a mango/kiwi tea mixed.
Took another couple here after telling them so much about our Applebee experience in Montana and a couple of other states.
Greeting at door was very welcoming but that is where it stopped.
went to the next floor and got shown to a table by a very unfriendly hostess.
Waited for a long time to be served.
Had to request another menu as my one was different yo rest and staff laid it out on table next to us to check -like they thought I was lying?
However, the main problem was the menu was EXPENSIVE and not at all like the rest of the USA .
I had been having two sample appetizers for $9.99 .
NYC applebees did not have this option, nor a seniors menu.
I had also had $1 Maitais at the other venues , in NYC they were $4 -not the nationwide special after all.
The meals were good and up to applebee standard .
I had the wings which in other applebees are part of the $9.99 plus one other dish but in NYC paid $18.99 for just the wings -the same size !
!
!
The restaurant itself was freezing cold, we had to ask for a server every time we needed anything like water, drinks, dessert .
Overall an expensive and disappointing experience, cant wait to go back to Montana applebees.
We visited 'The Worlds Biggest' Applebee's on a Wednesday afternoon for food and drinks we ordered the 1 appertizer and 2 mains for $32 and ordered happy hour drinks it came to $51 in the end and was enjoyable.
Was expecting more, but was very average.
Average food at average price for NYC,lots of worse places lots of better places, waitress (lisa?
Four of us had a late breakfast.
My wife had eggs that came with chips and sausage, Annie had breakfast burrito and the boys had pancakes with blueberries.
The serves were huge.
Too much for us.
The pancakes were delicious.
The coffee was typical American.
Times Square might be the worst part of New York for food, as it's choked with either huge bland chains (like Applebee's) or tiny holes in the wall with bad food.
Applebee's is very large and open late, but the food is uninspired, the place dirty and you could do better.
Our family stopped here for dinner on one of the hottest days of the summer!
Was AC and comfortable.
Even though it was busy our waitress did a great job.
Our food was good.
Plan to wait for a while because it was very busy.
I'd rate this 0 stars if I could.
Our family decided to stop in on a hot humid summer day to share an appetizer and have ice cold drinks.
We were immediately greeted and seated upon walking in and then it all went downhill from there.
It took several minutes to receive menu's and a few minutes later I kept looking over at the wait staff standing at the drink station because we were ready to order.
The wait staff ignored all the customers and just kept talking among themselves.
After 15 minutes of no service we got up and left.
Apparently as we were walking out, a wait staff picked up our menus from the table....
.
they never planned on taking our order!
We just walked on over to Junior's and had excellent service and food!
Can't comment on the food or drinks since no one would take our order.
This Applebee's location needs to shut down and be replaced with a business that cares about customers.
The waitress had no clue what ginger ale was.
She thought it was a mixed drink.
Took forever to get all the drinks for all of us.
My beer was warm.
15 minutes for a simple shake.
Food was cold when it arrived.
The is just one more reason Applebee’s restaurants should close up.
We decided to eat here after enjoying Applebee’s at The Mills at Jersey Gardens - just don’t.
The restaurant is tired and the waitress we encountered was extremely rude.
The don’t write down the customers orders - so therefore got my daughters meal wrong.
I am a NY native who ate at the restaurant in between Broadway shows.
The service at this Applebee’s was ok compared to our normal one, but the food was just as good.
Bill had to be at least double what we’d have been charged at home & our waitress didn’t deserve the amount of tip included in the bill.
Had breakfast there but the quality was really average.
Didn’t like the coffee itself, the pancakes neither the eggs.
We had visited another applebes before and thought maybe this would be Good.
But NOT , terrible service!
Allright food but not worth the money!
Typical Applebee’s.
Good range of food choices.
This is a big restaurant with various floors.
A good option for the busy area if you are struggling for time before a show.
Quick table service and good for steaks, chicken and burgers!
Applebees is one of my favorite restaurants when at home.
Found a location that actually does breakfast.
Excellent food as always.
Casual American Bar and diner.
I had a late American breakfast here.
Varied menu.
Average food but tasty, good portions and good value.
I skipped lunch, wasn't hungry till the evening.
Friendly, helpful staff.
Was really looking forward to breakfast here, was disgusting, service was poor and not the best environment.
I have been to several Applebee's throughout the United States and this one was the worst one.
To be fair, the food was good but the service was poor.
We came to this Applebee's to grab dinner before seeing a Broadway show.
We were quickly seated to our table.
We waited 15 minutes and no one came to our table to take our order.
My wife got up and informed a waitress that we haven't been served.
About 5 minutes later, the general manager came over to take our order.
The general manager insulted us not once but twice when taking our individual orders.
The food was delivered to us by general manager.
No one during the meal came by during the meal to ask us if the entrees were okay; refill our water and soda cups; etc.
We were ready to send out a search party to order dessert and to get our check since we were done with our entrees for over 20 minutes when the general manager came by.
We ordered our dessert and it was delivered along with our check.
An 18% tip was "added" to our bill (our party was three individuals).
The waiter who was assigned to our table finally show up to collect the check.
We told the waiter to remove the tip since we had no waiter/waitress during our dinner.
We typically tip 15 to 20% if the service is average to excellent.
The waiter got rude and said that he deserved a tip...a tip for what?
He wasn't even present during our meal.
He went on to say that they were short of help that night.
Is that our fault?
More importantly, we have been to restaurants where they have been short of help and they disclosed it UPFRONT to set the proper expectations with their customers...that is how professionals do it.
When we were there, a high school group came in and it seems like their attention was to the group not to the individual patrons.
Again, the food was good but the service was extremely poor.
First time visit to this chain.
Food was decent and filling however rated low because happy hour cocktails as advertised don’t exist.
Well, they do, and you think you have orders one, only to be told when the bar bill comes through we ordered from wrong cocktail menu and these ones not included.
The staff knew full well the half price cocktails was a reason to visit the restaurant.
No joy in getting any reduction yet at same time another couple were kicking off about this so must be a regular occurrence.
Sadly would not go again because of this experience.
Visited many Applebee’s restaurants in my time whilst serving in the forces and visiting the US on tours.
Can’t complain, nothing to complain about.
Food always outstanding, great price and service has always been great.
Always worth tipping the staff every time.
Never had a dull one.
They always give military discounts, do I/we normally give the discount difference to the staff also.
A great place to eat for families and friends without emptying your bank accounts.
Thank you Applebee’s.
The food here is amazing with a huge menu to choose from.
Coffe in a never ending cup at no charge dor the extra cups.
We decided to go to Applebees because it's a name we often hear when we watch American films or TV programmes.
We thought because it was a large chain of restaurants the standards would be good.
However, we were dissapointed in the restaurant itself.
It was more like a diner.
The menu choices were typically American and Mexican, and surprisingly not cheap.
The burgers we had were average and the wine and cocktails were very expensive.
Overall, we felt we could have had the same food and service in a cheaper diner than this restaurant.
Such a huge dissapointment after we had heard so much about Appleebees in the past.
Went with the family the other night.
Food was over priced, was not great, beer was warm and service only ok.
Will not be going back as there are plenty of better restaurants close by.
This branch appeared to be staffed by one rushed-off-his-feet, courteous waiter, and two young ladies whose sole purpose appeared to be to shuffle and reorder the menus, while avoiding the gaze of customers.
It wouldn't have mattered so much, but it turned the digital gizmo on our table through which we ordered actually belonged to another table, so our order was due to be delivered to some other diners, and we were only able to pay for their meal, not our own.
My partner's food was cold, and not even the offer of a first drink refill as we were about to leave made up for a disappointing experience.
This was our first and last time we’ll eat at this chain.
Paying top dollar for which was just an average meal.
BBQ shrimp and chicken was ok but could have done with being hotter.
Only found out when we left that the kitchen is on an upper floor and food is walked down the main staircase that is used by the public to access other levels.
First of all the sangrias weren't sangrias...they tasted like drinks for 4 year olds.
My BBQ boneless wings were too acidic!
!
!
The fries were dry....
etc etcMy boyfriend had to change his Heineken draft beer twice coz it didn't taste the same...eventually he got the bottled one.
The tacos so dry!
!
Definitely not going back!
!
Won't go back!
!
!
I found the menu to be "typical" American fare, absolutely massive portion sizes and average in flavour.
Service was alright, but nothing special.
Nice views of the busy streets below if you can get a table by the window.
Went here and the server who was on wasn’t the happiest of people however we stayed and eventually got a seat we were having breakfast I had french toast and fruit it was not nice at all quite cold my husband just had toast was ok but wouldn’t go back more local places with much better service and food.
After a day of touring on the Big Bus, we just needed a place for a quick snack and rest before continuing on and we decided to go to Applebee's and Dude ordered the combo of chicken fajita and chicken tortilla soup and I ordered the tomato basil soup and chicken cheese penne which were both satisfying for a quick snack to fortify ourselves.
We had to wait 30 minutes for a table on arrival, then when we got our food it was not presented very well nor at a resonable temperature.
We we got the bill I almost had a heart attack at the price then they wanted at least 20% on top of that for tips.
Definitely will not be going again.
We ate here on our recent trip to NYC only because no one could decide that they wanted.
Let me say that Damra was our waitress and she is absolutely horrible and is in desperate need of customer service training.
We ordered appetizers and we got them when our meal came.
Aren't the appetizers supposed to come before the meal.
We never had a refill on drinks, she asked us as we were fixing to leave.
I never leave a restaurant without tipping the waitress but needless to say this one didn't get a tip.
It would be a different story if they had been busy but they were not.
I had to go up front with her to pay my bill and she had to ring it up again, my bill went from $110 to $140.
Ummm no that's not correct, so there I stand wasting more time because she had to adjust it again.
I understand that items are pricey in NYC but come on $21 for chicken tenders and fries.
The food is fine.
It fills you and it’s ok.
The prices for that kind of food are pretty extortionate though.
The kids menu is really poor however.
My daughter ordered kid’s pizza and it was clearly a cheap frozen pizza which she couldn’t eat.
Went to Applebee’s with my husband and grandson after seeing a play.
No wait, walked right in.
The menu was twice the price of other Applebee’s!
I pulled up the menu before ordering and if you look at the picture I’m attaching you will see right on the top left hand side the address of the Applebee’s we were in.
In spite of what the menus said, the manager said “this Applebee’s does not follow suit to other Applebee's”.
Our pricing is different.
.
REALLY?
?
?
?
Well, lesson learned!
96.00 to eat in Applebee’s is NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN AGAIN!
Hi there!
Lived the food.
Great value for the “combine your own dinner” it was really good.
The drinks however are fantastic!
Love the Blue Hawaiian Long Island iced tea!
!
!
Yummy for the yummy!
Had two felt happy did not taste the alcohol!
Fantastic service!
Venue was cold so not a comfortable eating experience.
Food very average at expensive prices.
We’ve used this chain before on previous visits...this restaurant wasn’t busy and we were served quickly.
The comprehensive menu provides a lot of choice.
I went for steak & prawns, with garlic mash and broccoli.
Our food arrived in fairly short order and was cooked nicely and tasted fine.
The prawns were particularly juicy.
Dishes are quite expensive for the quality of food severed, but not extortionate for central NYC.
Came here for breakfast one morning.
Had to wait ten minutes for a table which was fine, yet the restaurant upstairs was empty... the man who served us was extremely lacking in customer service skills.
Didn’t bring cutlery, didn’t have any manners, threw our food down onto the table.
Wouldn’t care but the food wasn’t up to much either.
Really can’t get over the service.
Didn’t deserve the tip we left, in fact he didn’t deserve one at all.
Ate here for dinner, the bar downstairs was busy so we were shown upstairs.
The staff were very friendly and took our order.
Food came out quite quickly and was piping hot.
Portion sizes are huge and we couldn't eat all of it (as with a lot of restaurants).
They were happy for you to do take out of anything that was left which was good.
Reasonably priced and we would go back if we were ever there again.
We enjoyed a nice family meal here.
There were good and bad points to our meal.
We hadn't made reservations so we were delighted that they found us a table very quickly.
Unfortunately there was an unpleasant damp smell coming from somewhere around our table.
Overall the food was very good, although we did have to send back a steak that wasn't cooked to our liking and it took so long that all the accompanying food went cold - this was a little disappointing, but they removed the item from our bill without question.
Overall I think they did a great job and I'd definitely return.
great value for money.
I visited this establishment today as it was part of a pre paid package and I had a voucher to eat there.
The only thing good about it was the member of staff who looked after me, she was fantastic.
The food however was terrible, I had a plain burger and fries which came lukewarm at best.
The burger was soggy and undercooked.
Apart from that it was wonderful ️.
Can't see me going here again anytime soon!
Stopped here for dinner before a show just down the road.
Staff were really friendly - mostly, and when I asked for their recommendation for food, they absolutely knew the menu back to front.
Great food.
Nice atmosphere.
Reasonably cheap.
Would absolutely go again.
So Applebee’s is Applebee’s.
you know what you’re getting when you go.
This restaurant is very tired inside, which is excusable, but it’s not when you leave the paper on the burger and serve it to the table.
Really poor, disappointing and would avoid at all costs.
There are far better places to eat.
Expensive but worth it.
You’re in NY so hey, suck it up if it costs you $26 for a burger or nachos.
Staff was friendly, milkshakes and hot chocolate was great!
Worth the $.
Nice friendly staff, short wait on food.
Reasonably priced and large portions....
.
so great if you are very hungry!
A nice meal.
Worth a visit.
We nipped in to Applebee’s on our first night in New York for tea as we were wondering about.
I had a brunch burger which was very nice and the vanilla milkshake was lovely!
The portion sizes were big but manageable, though I still didn’t manage to finish my plate.
I would happily eat there again.
Where should I start, the food wasnt the best as the food was cold.
The whole experience was mediocre, nothing to rave about,personally I wont be going back.
I was in the mood for a large cheeseburger and we happened upon Applebee’s.
We dined on the second floor.
I think the first floor is mainly designated for the bar but their were some tables for dining.
They offer a large menu selection.
Our waitress was friendly and able to answer our questions.
Our was food was delicious and filling.
Exactly what we needed before heading back out for more sightseeing.
Went for breakfast and had waffle with strawberries and Syrup.
The syrup was thin and tasteless.
The coffee was refil but rather weak.
Service was ok.
Greasy food, server was not very attentive and slammed cutlery down when we asked for it.
Overpriced American version of Wetherspoons.
Would avoid, go elsewhere around Times Square for the money.
Fries were cold.
Stale, hard bun on burger.
Waited at least half an hour to get a burger.
Complained to server, but she didn't offer to replace it or discount it.
Terrible meal!
A waste of money; I could hardly eat any of it.
Paid $30 US.
Arrived at 11.30 am for breakfast, lovely friendly welcome.
Waitress was extremely helpful, coffee was lovely and kept being filled up.
I ordered a cheese and egg bowl, was nice, however the cheese had been plopped on top cold, but in the pictures it had been grilled and looked so much nicer and would have been.
Pancakes were lovely Andy husband had breakfast borrito, also very good.
Would defo return.
Popped in here for Breakfast on our first day in New York, and it was okay, nice food served promptly, good qulaity and a good sized portion.
Loved the cocktails I had here - they were huge and very strong!
2 was enough for me and they tasted superb!
Gutted I don’t have one of these places on my doorstep at home!
Fab atmosphere and good service.
Would recommend.
Locals recommended this place and we went a couple of times for breakfast.
Good selection, friendly staff and average prices for the area.
Great food great service great surroundings and very reasonable prices.
Worth a visit to recharge batteries after a day sightseeing or to set you up for the day.
Great location and food available all day.
Very average nothing special very expensive.
A big big place where you can eat at any time!
Team very friendly and efficient.
Good food and drinks!
Had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, but we were hungry and tired of walking so we waited.
The food was ok, but a bit cold.
The plates were very hot though, so the feeling was they had tried to “rush heat” the food.
Not worth making a fuzz about, but not a perfect situation either.
We came into NYC on a whim for Christmas Day and chose to go to AppleBees for dinner.
Food was good, served quick.
Pricey but then again it is NYC.
Service was just ok.
Granted it was super busy but our waiter not once came back to check on us.
The waiting area was a hectic chaotic mess.
Otherwise the place is spacious for a NYC restaurant and the food was good.
My wife and I decided to stop here after seeing a t.v. commercial advertising all you can eat ribs, chicken tenders and shrimp for 14.99We tried to make a reservation but were told you could only arrive and wait.
This was fair enough so the next day we arrived and were told it was a 20 minute wait.
Sure enough in just under 20 minutes we were called and seated.
Another 20 minutes later someone came to take our order and we asked about the all you can eat deal, he wasnt sure so took our drinks order and didnt come back, 5 minutes later someone else came and took our drinks order again and also went to look into our query on the all you can eat offer.
A few minutes later we had our drinks and were also told that the all you can eat was only of one item but you could then reorder a different one the next time.
This wasn't a big deal as my wife was also having the same so we ordered differing items and swapped.
When the food finally, after another 25 minute wait came out, it was barely warm and every item was chewy and unappetizing.
The chicken tenders were anything but tender and the crispy fried crumbed shrimp were not crispy.
Our server came over and ordered our second helping without us having to ask him which was a plus point but even the best service couldn't make up for a shockingly poor meal.
Just to add insult to injury the final price was $10 more per person than advertised on their own website.
We're from the UK so won't be back but if we were local I'd never visit again.
I'd of given this 1 star but our server gained them an extra.
Service from our waiter was 5/5.
You know what you are going in for and that is what you get.
We had amazing service win our visit to Times Square Applebees and could not have asked for any more.
Happy for guests to share food, relax and enjoy the dining experience.
We saw the negative reviews but thought we would give them a chance as it was tipping it down and no waiting time for a table.
Now we know why there was no waiting time.
It was abysmal.
The food came and it was really cold and the potatoes tasted old like they were yesterday’s warmed up.
We sent it back and it came back warm ish but my so called crispy bacon was luke warm and rubbery.
The pancakes were underdone so really claggy to eat.
The only redeeming feature was the eggs and the coffee.
They took a lot of it off the bill after I complained the second time but frankly , take the reviews to heart folks.
If they can’t even manage breakfast what can they do?
!
PsNice waitress but I felt sorry for her working there, she must get a lot of complaints!
Who doesn't love Applebee's!
?
i'm a little obsessed, it's perfect for some Happy Hour drinks or just a quick delicious dinner with my hubby or catching up with my girls.
i'm not the type to leave a review, but my experience lately has been so PERFECT i have to share!
I have Family visiting during the holidays and they asked to go see the ball drop in Times Square...i'm from NY, no way am i standing in that cold!
BUT i didn't know Applebee's had a party on new years eve.
OPEN BAR, DJ & A BUFFET!
i didn't think twice!
me and my fam decided to splurge a little and buy the tickets.
The process has been so easy, the team at Applebee's has been so informative and kind (it's rare to encounter such people now and days).
I PICKED UP MY TICKETS TODAY!
!
!
SO EXCITED!
!
I'm not sure where to start with how bad this was to be honest.
We went there on Saturday 15th December, just looking for somewhere to have some quick lunch and a drink.
We were seated quite quickly on the ground floor in a nice couples booth.
And then sadly it all went downhill from there faster than you can say "cheap TGI ripoff".
It took 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order.
they looked stressed and massively understaffed.
As we'd had plenty of time to view and review and re-review the menu we placed our full order.
a diet coke, a bud light, bonesless wings and mozarella sticks to start with and a Melted cheese sandwich and Mac and Cheese for the mains.
15 minutes later our drinks arrived.
After having to prompt the waitress to chase them.
10 minutes later the starters arrived.
Cold.
Like in a "we were cooked an hour ago and left near to a hot plate but sadly froze to death due to lack of heat" cold.
We sent them back with the waitress and she said she'd sort it.
30 seconds later the Main courses arrive and I'd literally just seen them do this to another couple.
Their starters arrived and then their mains arrived immediately after.
Their waiter said he'd put the food "under a hot plate" for them.
Fresh?
?
Not really.
The service was that poor, and the food was that bad that we told them we were leaving right there and then.
This place couldnt organise a drink-up in a brewery.
AVOID at all costs.
My friend and I visited Applebee’s for breakfast many times during our visit to New York.
We enjoyed different things from ham and cheese omelette to granola and Greek yoghurt and fruit and I had blueberry pancakes.
All the food we had was really good.
The service was good to and we had the same waitress a few times and she recognised us and greeted us warmly and said oh you have come back again nice to see you.
First time here - we weren’t disappointed.
The food was full of flavour, and the tea/coffee is on a free refill basis.
Cosy and warm family restaurant.
Service was quite slow but the staff were friendly and helpful.
Food here consistent and exactly what you would expect.
Visited a couple of times.
Seem to be a wait to order but once ordered the food comes quick.
Had mixed experience with waiting staff.
3 attempts one visit to get a burger order right.
Lovely breakfast of blueberry pancakes.
I promised myself these and they were light fluffy and plenty of blueberries.
Syrup was not too sweet.
Good start to a wonderful day.
Service very good.
But it is a fast food restaurant.
Always a good time at Applebee's.
They have great service even during the busiest of times.
A good place to get out of the cold to enjoy some appetizers and/or meal.
Tried to get in elsewhere so busy so ended up at Applebee’s, always space here.
Service good, food ok, nothing special.
Server Ryan was great .
.
on the case the whole time , very attentive.
Food well cooked.
The food was good but the service and overall look/ambience of the place was terrible.
The waiter even had the audacity to demand her 15-20% in tip while paying the bill even though it took 1 hour from the time that we ordered to actually get our food and we have to call her over several times because she got the order wrong, needed refills and even had to go up to the cash register to pay the bill instead of the customary paying at the table.
The food was good, but the service was poor.
The host leave us in middle of entrance without indicating where to seat.
Waitress only came twice, to take order and to bring check, the food and drinks were handled by others waitress.
The steak penne pasta was excellent.
Great service.
Meal nice and hot.
Waitress was great and very attentive.
Restaurant was very clean and very reasonable in pricing.
Good variety of meals on the menu.
Being accustomed to an excellent service at every Applebees location I have eaten at before (many of them), I was surprised by the lack of professionalism offered by our waitress.
At one point, waiter Danny rudely commented while passing by when asked to bring more coffee.
Great place to eat.
Fantastic service by our waiter.
Steaks and ribs were very nice.
Very good priced food would recommend.
Last day in New York and can’t resist a visit to Applebee’s.
Lovely waitress Lindsey made the visit a joy.
With her bubbly personality and knowledge of the menu.
The Boneless honey BBQ wings were as I remembered and the bottomless raspberry ice tea was good.
Slightly more expensive than the restaurants off Broadway but I needed my wings fix.
We visited Applebee’s twice for breakfast and twice for dinner.
Choice is great, price is reasonable and portions are large but when in New York and all that :-)Great staff, nice layout - Not on the main road so make sure you keep an eye peeled and drop in!
This was a great place to have dinner.
The food was excellent and the service was even better.
They had great menu choices.
I went to Applebee's NYE Celebration last year and I had the best time ever!
The restaurant was decoration so nicely.
The staff was awesome and super attentive, especially Mylin-she really made us feel welcomed.
I enjoyed myself so much last year with my bf, that we invited our families from Kansas to New York City to celebrate with us this year again.
Keep up the great work Applebee's!
Service was good, beer was cold.
Unfortunately, so were the fries.
My burger didn’t taste like much of anything.
Not worth the $20 I paid.
Save your money.
I was recommended to go to Applebee’s so when we couldn’t get into Ellen’s stardust diner we decided on here.
Large portions and nice food but was a little shocked when the bill came .
This was just along the road from our hotel so very convenient for us.
Great choice on the menu and quick service.
Would be a good location for tea if you were seeing School of Rock as it’s pretty much next to the theatre.
We tried the themed spooky cocktails which were ok, but quite expensive for what you get.
Convenient and food is fine.
I'm still mad at them because I left my favorite hat there and went back for it two minutes later.
Oh no... no hat here... The bums stold my hat .
Loveee this restaurant first time visited thurs 18th oct with five family members.
We eat in Applebee’s a fare bit in Florida, unfortunately the NYC restaurant is not as good as them and is double the price, never mind back to Florida soon!
Poor service, poor menu, poor option, I am staying away from restaurant chains in future!
Unable to serve eggs any style like they advertise, server simply could not be bothered to write down the order and got it wrong!
A very average lunch comprising unremarkable dishes.
The place is looking a bit worn in parts and if it wasn’t for the cheery attitude of the waiter, I’d probably have rated it even lower.
Pretty uninspiring stuff.
Had some nice food here .
This is our 4th breakfast on our trip to New York and this has been a disappointment.
Adib was our waitor and he was so rude.
He took my food away without asking if I was finished.
He didn't tell me that the food I ordered was out of stock.
He simply said 'oh by the way, they've run out of that', this was 20 minutes after we ordered!
!
He gave us our bill before we'd finished and he added extra items to our bill (that we didn't order).
On top of the terrible service from Adib, our food wasn't great.
The pancakes were dry and the egg was slimey.
We ordered extra bacon for 4 dollars and got 1 and a half rashers each!
We ordered tea and all we got was hot water.
Adib brought out our tea bag and milk 5 minutes later.
I could have brought my own milk and teabag from the hotel quicker than Adib.
We were seated quickly but it went downhill from there.
It took awhile for our order to be taken and then quite awhile to receive our food.
It seemed like our waitress disappeared for awhile!
.
We noticed that the people in the booth next to us were quite upset with the service and actually had to ask for their bill twice.
I had the Fr.
Onion Soup and it was delicious.
I asked for bread, it didn't come with bread, would I like a bread stick?
I said okay but just one.
That is what I got, one bread stick and a charge of $11.99U.S. for it....
questioned it and I was told the bread stick was a appetizer and the charge was legit....
Made a bit of a fuss....
and they finally only charged me $1.59....
I had only eaten half of the bread stick....
still laughing at how absurd the whole thing was....
Service was friendly, attempt to see to everyone ASAP.
However, 40 minute wait for one coffee and wheat pancakes was long.
Had heard lots of good things about this place but was a bit disappointed.
Food and service was very average and it was “freezing”.
EVERYTHING was a RULE they couldn't break, all veggies, instead of carbs, AGAINST THE RULES lol.
service super slow, Don't go unless you have to.
Applebees is a great place to pop for breakfast as you know exactly what you're getting.
We only had to wait a few minutes to be seated and the staff were friendly and polite.
Breakfasts were filling and good value.
We ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and a ham & cheese omelet and we both enjoyed our meals.
It may not have been fancy, but it did set us up for a day of exploring at a very reasonable price.
I would certainly recommend.
Great value for an all American style breakfast.
Suprising prices for the position of this DinerFood and service was excellent.
We had the buttermilk pancakes and fresh fruit it was delicious.
Without wishing to sound unkind, it was a bit average.
Service and food were ok but nothing special.
We just needed to eat....
.
steak, baked potato and green beans.
Ok, the food is great!
But the waiter had a poor day, I think.
We had to wait almost 10 minutes before he could take our order and once the food arrived we never did see him again.
Not for refilling our drinks and once finished for the check.
After I think another 10 minutes he arrived with a computer so we can pay.
And really, he was asking if we’d like to add 20% gratuity.
I checked if he was smiling, but he was dead serious!
Check out another Applebee’s, this one isn’t for customers!
My review may have been better if all 6 meals had been hot!
Geez I’d accept even luke warm, but it was all freezing!
The ribs were cold in the middle as though they had been cooked and reheated.
My nachos were so cold they weren’t enjoyable at all.
Very disappointing!
Been to many Applebees in the States.
Took friends here as we love Applebees.
Waited 10 mins to been seen by a waiter.
Beer flat and asked to change it Food cold and jacket potatoes hard Steak not beatable and chicken too fry.
Just finishing our dinner when our beers arrived.
overall a bad experience.
We visited last Sunday for breakfast.
The food was ok but we felt like we were putting the staff out by just being there.
When taking our breakfast order, I misheard her question, asking about what side I wanted.
When I apologized and asked her to repeat it she rolled her eyes and sighed before abruptly repeating herself.
Our meals came, and they were all fine, not great but ok.
We asked for the bill and the waitress had completely lost the ability to be bothered to speak to us and just threw it on the table .
At this point even though we were uncomfortable and clearly not welcome we still included a 20% tip as we know this is how they earn the majority of their wages.
Before we left, two of us needed to use the facilities.
No one was apparently responsible for getting the key, we had to go from waitress to waitress to find out who would get the key from behind their workstation for us.
Bear in mind they were all stood round gossiping, and 2 of which that we interrupted were stood mocking a customer for their size and food order (they were still at it when we were walking back to the table).
Whilst playing find the person who will give you the key, the waitress returned to our table and asked if we were done.
My husband said yes, he is just waiting for us to come back from the restroom and she actually walked off shaking her head.
At this point we took back the tip.
I recommend head office doing some secret visits and watching the CCTV footage from last Sunday.
Whilst I'm sure there is no audio on CCTV, you will be able to see just how rude and ignorant the staff are with out even having this.
If you want a friendly service and better food for the same price, then head to Hard rock or Ruby Tuesdays, You will not be disappointed!
We’d used Applebee’s when in NYC previously and it was good value.
This time around whilst the staff were friendly and attentive, the food was not up to standard with the principal complaint being it was cold.
I’d ordered an omelette and it had clearly be left on the serving counter as it was on,y tepid.
We didn’t complain at the time as the staff were clearly short staffed and working hard to satisfy everyone, it was a shame to watch.
If the food had be hot I’d have given them a 5.
Had lunch and it was so cheap for how much food we got.
It was our first time at an Applebees and I'm disappointed we left it til last.
Highly recommend this place.
Went for a quick breakfast....
.
it was busy...... we were seated upstairs ............ food was cold.
Nothing exciting.
This is part of a chain of stores.
The menu is comprehensive and the service was a little slow the night we went there.
Got seated by a non smiley lady, after 20 mins asked the manager if we could be served at least a drink.
So drinks then got ordered and delivered.
Food orders where taken but 30 plus mins for food to arrive, 4 of us went but 2 of the meals where not edable.
Other 2 where average.
Waiter when bringing food over delivered 2 meals then went off serving another table and left other 2 food orders on the side, was half way through our meals before condiments arrived but the restaurant was out if some!
!
Would not go here again, food is very overpriced and poor quality, staff have no idea what’s going on, it’s very disorganised and the manager seemed to be doing a lot of serving whilst staff stood around having their own conversations not being attentive at all.
Another table walked out and others where still waiting when we left for orders or orders to be taken, sadly a big let down for New York!
Ate here before seeing School of Rock broadway show at Winter Garden theatre right beside the restaurant.
Came just before 6pm and asked for quick service to meet the 7pm start time for show and the waitress and staff exceeded our expectations.
Food delivered quickly and cooked to perfection.
Have zero complaints about this location and would definitely go again.
We were in a rush to have lunch before seeing a show and stoped her to have a quick lunch.
The food and service was very good.
Would try again for breakfast and lunch.
Friendly, knowledgeable staff, good menu with plenty of choice.
Endless cups of tea and coffee for $1.
Ate here as it was convenient after a long day travelling to NYC.
Service was OK but not what us Brits have come to expect when visiting the states, we were left waiting to order drinks for al while.
Food was decent value for the money compared to other places we looked at.
Decided to go here again, we visited a couple of years ago.
Service and food were as good as ever, and prices hadn't risen noticeably.
One thing they did you that they didn't do before was charge to top up coffee!
an extra $1 per refill.
Also the suggested tips of 18% and up are getting a bit rich.
We came here for breakfast and for dinner and were not disappointed, this place is amazing and with amazing service, very good menu, would recommend!
I know it’s NYC but please....
their is no need to disrespect customers accuse them of doing something they didn’t.
Us so called tourists pay your wages and without us you would not be working.
Apparently you can’t wash your hands prior to sitting at your table.......
I feel sorry for the staff that have to deal with the rude manager....
I wish I would have gotten his name.
Don’t waist your money or time at that place.
TGIF Friday’s is the place to go, service with a smile and they are polite.
Quiet possible the worst customer service I’ve experienced in nyc !
We we’re told by a server to dine up stairs , we went to rest room to wash hands and once done we were seated by another server.
The manager immediately accused us for jumping the line and not obeying by their rules however the restaurant wasn’t busy.
So it’s Monday after a really wet day and being cooped up we decide to brave the weather and head to Applebee’s for a comfort food dinner and to talk about our awesome week in NY.
We enter and the music is blasting ... with AO lyrics!
We order and wait without speaking cos we cannot hear each other over the music.
We order chicken tacos, tenders, soup and chips and dip.
Anything that should’ve been hot was warm but not hot.
Service was fast so I don’t know why the meals weren’t hot.
Not overly impressed - environment wasn’t right for a Monday night dinner.
Visited mid evening, prompt table service.
Our server Andrew was helpful.
We ate chicken wings from the appetisers, but with a side of fries to share we had more than enough to eat.
The margarita was a treat!
Worried we night get a table here but we managed to get in.
Like the fact they had they lift as we had a child in a wheelchair so could go to the 2nd floor.
Our waiter was very attentive and friendly.
Me, my husband and eldest daughter had the combo meals which were lovely!
All the steaks were cooked to perfection.
So was everything else we ordered.
Did feel it was expensive but was in a prime location so understandable!
The Times Square locations are very convenient and practical.
It's affordable for breakfast and the servings are huge.
I have never seen waitstaff so ungrateful for their job.
Our quick lunch turned into about an hour because we could never find our waitress or any other ones passing by for that matter.
We were seated right in front of the ordering station and I could not believe the things I overheard them saying about previous customers.
For being a chain restaurant in NYC, your prices for a simple burger with extras was HIGHLY overpriced.
Especially since I am gluten free and the waitress looked at me like I had three heads when I asked for no bun.
I ordered a triple bacon burger.
It came as regular burger (no bacon mixed in) with one piece of undercooked bacon on top and minimal fries and everything was room temperature because it took a half hour to get the food.
I couldn't wait for a new burger to be made & it took about 15 minutes before I could even get some sauce for the dried out burger.
So why it was $18.99 is beyond me, I can make a better burger than that for $2.
Unacceptable and I will not be giving my business here ever again.
The chicken and shrimp with red potatoes was amazing.
Honey bbq boneless wings with mango shake was perfect to top it off.
Very average meal.
Wouldn’t go back again staff ok but not overly friendly.
Asked for burgers to be one well done and one medium.
Both were less than medium.
Angela was a lovely host and was really helpful with the options.
Service was food and the food was awesome.
From visitors from the UK...Thanks!
We went there to have lunch and to watch Football (semifinals) the atmosphere is nice, warm and welcoming.
We visited for breakfast and our servers seemed a little uninterested, the food was great for our first breakfast in New York but unfortunately the service didn't match up.
I have been here twice now when in the area.
It is typical chain fare and service... nothing bad, nothing outstanding.
Comparing this establishment to the Applebee's at the other side of Times Square (West 42 St), I prefer that one: the pace doesn't seem as hectic there.
I wanted to grab a big before going to see a show and this Applebee's was on the way.
Service was average but my server seemed pretty busy.
Although service was average, my meal was very good.
I skipped any dessert since I did not want to feel stuffed at the show.
Although the Applebee's was nothing exception, I would not hesitate to stop here again to eat.
Went to see 'School of Rock' with my wife, daughter and her friend both aged 8 years and intended to eat at 'Star Dust' 51st street but the queue was too long and decided to go into Applebee's next to the theatre.
Greeted by friendly staff and got a seat immediately.
I don't mind paying high New York prices but the food did not meet up to expectations.
The menu is typical Applebee's and all the dishes look great on the menu.
We ordered one starter 13.29$, four main dishes, two 6oz steaks 21.99$ each, one 8oz bourbon steak and shrimp 29.29$, two soft drinks and two alcoholic drinks.
The total bill with 20% tip was 172.20$.
One children's steak was return as it was under cooked and a new steak was provided.
The bourbon steak was over priced and quality of all the meals were very average.
I would not eat at this location again although other Applebee's I have visited have been very good.
The bill is provided on a computer system and 20% tip already marked up and you feel obliged not to argue, I was only going to give a 15% tip but could not be bothered.
Staff and service quick and good.
Typical Applebee's but with New York City prices.
Think $18 hamburger which my grandson had.
My wife and i had soup and salad and were satisfied with the food.
Service was only fair at best even though they were not crowded.
Our trip was actually sometime ago, but just remembered the memory so I had to write a few lines!
My wife and I were in New York for our friend's 50th birthday celebration.
It was February and a stunningly beautiful Winter's day.
We'd been shopping/sight seeing all day, dropped our bags off at the hotel (Novotel Time Square) and Applebee's was just across Broadway.
The service was great, which was fortunate cos there about 30 of us in our group.
We were seated together and all the orders proceeded without fuss or delay - Thanks!
!
!
Just as we were eating desert though... snowflakes began to fall outside and the view over Broadway was just magical!
We raised our glasses, sang happy birthday to our dear friend and will cherish the memory of that night for many years to come.
The restaurant was cozy that night.
The staff were really friendly and interacted well with us 'Brits' and if I remember rightly, all of us were satisfied with our food orders.
My steak was delicious too!
We plan to go back soon as a family with our now grown up kids!
We enjoyed the breakfasts here.
Coffee was very nice too.
Food was served promptly and without any issues.
Staff very friendly and helpful.
Open early too overall very good.
Tasty food, not that fast not that long waiting for the food.
A little more expensive than the others restaurants, maybe because it’s in Manhattan.
Average over priced food, not very enjoyable.
Wait staff very rude.
The Restaurant was far too noisy very difficult to hold a conversation.
Food was pretty poor; potatoes appeared to be reheated, sliders pretty unpleasant.
Service not fab either.
There are far better places to eat breakfast locally than this.
We had breakfast at applebees on 2 mornings this week.
The place is well located at times square.
Fruit platter and the omlette fares are good.
Service is quick.
Place is neat and clean and prices are moderate.
A nice place for breakfast.
.
We came here for breakfast not really expecting much, our mind was soon changed as we tucked into our breakfast, I had the all day brunch burger, I could not fault it.
My fiancée had a steak breakfast bowl, we couldn’t fault that either!
The staff are very welcoming and always ready to refill your coffee!
After an afternoon walk in Central Park decided to Times Square and ended up here .
Very nice server and staff.
.
Located right off Times Square, this Applebees is probably one of the busiest I have ever visited in my life.
This place is packed on the weekends, and if you like a nice quiet dinner after a long day of sightseeing NYC this is not the place for you.
Sure the food is Applebees quality, which is up to par, but it's way more expensive than normal.
We ate here because we really wanted some nachos and didn't see any Mexican restaurants in the immediate vicinity.
Be forewarned that the prices here are higher than the average Applebee's, and they don't have the 2 for $20 specials.
Food was the same variety and quality as any other Applebee's I've been to.
Our table was on the 2nd floor next to a window and we had a great view.
We arrived at 9:30 in the evening after a Broadway show so they were not busy.
There were 7 of us and first of all they put us in a booth and added a chair to the end so we were very crowded, it took forever to get our drinks and food.
Once we received our first round of drinks and food the waiter never returned to see if we needed anything else.
I even had to go up and ask for the bill to check out, guess when tip is automatically added the waiter feels no need to give exceptional service.
May I add our bill exceeded $200.00.
Applebee’s is a casual American neighborhood restaurant and bar and there are over 2,000 locations in the United States.
This location is on the corner of West 50th Street and Broadway in the heart of the theatre district.
This location is open seven days a week from 7:00 AM – Midnight.
This is a very large restaurant located on a couple of floors.
It was pretty busy but there were several open tables (so we did not have to wait for a table).
I dined here with my family on a Saturday evening in mid-January and thought the food and the experience were average (it was just OK).
We were going to the nearby Stardust Diner but the line to get in was out the door and down the street.
We did not want to wait so had to settle for Applebee’s which was about 50 feet away.
I had a burger and fries and thought they were pretty good (it was actually a pretty good burger).
Our server was friendly and efficient.
Overall I thought this Applebee’s was just like every other location (pretty average).
It is convenient if you are going to the Winter Garden Theatre (and did not plan ahead and make reservations at a decent restaurant).
We were in NYC 5 days and went 3 mornings for breakfast.
Food and service was great.
Try the steak and eggs or the ham and cheese omelette reasonably priced and superb location !
!
The food is good.
The service is great.
The desert is decadent.
Try the shrimp and serloin combo, their version of surf and turf.
Try it with the macaroni and bacon.
slow service, average food, high prices, squashed tables.
Just a very average restaurant and due to the awful service we received I will never eat here again.
Had breakfast here one morning.
Was going to use as part of our grey line ticket deal but the value of $13.49 was poor compared to the $25 contribution towards Planet Hollywood for example.
The food was good and the hot drinks bottomless so that’s worth bearing in mind.
The only negative was that we had to wait 20 minutes for our table even though once seated there were at least a dozen tables free?
The food here was very good, the portions are massive!
.
Kids really enjoyed their food too!
Service was a little show but saying that I think they were quite busy.
Nice drink choices too !
We were hoping to visits Ellen’s stardust diner next door but there was a 2hr wait so we thought Applebee’s “would do”.
Having ate at other Applebee’s we had knewwe wouldn’t be in for fine dining but in all honesty branch was awful.
Tables dirty, worn booth seats felt like sitting on a commode.
Staff were doppy and took time to acknowledge us and all sat at the back chatting.
Menu uninspiring, I chose fried chicken & chips came without and salad or dressing all very bland and cost about $20.
Really don’t bother, if you want a cheap easy meal get a slice of pizza to go from elsewhere.
Was ok, burger and fries were nice, restaurant could do with some attention, the stairs up to the top floor were very grubby, sort of put me off eating there, but after a long haul flight and 24 hours without sleep It was the closest place to our hotel.
