Carrot cake was tasteless.
Was asked to move tables part way through eating so they could move tables around and fit someone else in.
Loved everything about this place!
Excellent staff, delicious food and beautiful decor.
Stopped in for a light lunch but would love to return for tea!
I went to this branch of Bea's on 18 October 2019.
I can't really talk about their food because I was stood up by the person I was meeting and only had a cup of tea.
However, for the duration of the time I was in there, I was treated like royalty by the staff.
Definitely coming back to this establishment again, for the customer service alone.
Went for afternoon tea for two!
Sandwiches and cakes both stale!
Cakes are left lying around with no covers on so not hygienic at all!
No wonder they are stale!
The sandwiches must have been made earlier as were also stale!
Nice decor and friendly staff but will not be going again!
At £30 per person expected better!
I really want to love Bea’s.
Concept and name are cute and ‘Tea with Bea’ is good little book.
However, service was awful.
We waited 10 minutes to get a menu with no acknowledgement; only a couple of tables filled and one team member chatting with one customer at the desk.
Waited another 10 minutes to have our order taken by a team member who didn’t know what salads were available that day at 11:30am.
Tried to order a mixed salad and was told I could choose a number of ‘spoons’ of each salad - I asked if there was a cost per spoon and staff member just repeated ordering by spoon.
I still don’t know how many spoons I could have had in my serve and ended up with a tiny serve of salad of just two spoons I asked to add frittata to the salad and she explained how it was only served with rocket.
I was confused as I asked for it served with my salad and she finally understood.
I am Australian so there was no excuse for her continual failure to understand my order.
We finished our lunch and went elsewhere for cake as the lack of English made it too difficult to bother.
Lovely place, good service and the food was excellent.
We had the glutenfree alternative and the scones were the best I have ever had.
It was a little pricey and the staff was quite busy, so there was some waiting time - but the food and the atmosphere made up for that.
Highly recommended!
Stopped in spur of the moment on a rainy afternoon and had a lovely tea.
The scones were excellent, the tea served nicely with great service.
We came here for breakfast as my daughter loved the look of the decor.
We ordered poached eggs and avocado which were lovely served with a decent coffee.
Not overly priced.
Lovely little find.
Staff were super friendly.
We just got 2 tea’s and a cupcakes....
cake of the month was a strawberry and cream cake - definitely recommend.
Lovely service, great atmosphere, rich and tasty teas, and awesome deserts, in particular, the carrot and cheesecake.
Don't miss it.
I've been a Bea's customer since the days of Gray's Inn Road when there was only one.
It's a shame because all it takes is a string of bad experiences to wipe out the years of good.
Today I ordered Banana Loaf/bread and was bitterly disappointed.
It was dry and crumbly.
Last week I ordered a chicken and avocado ciabatta - it arrived half done.
Totally disappointed with the brand - will avoid from now on.
Went there for coffee and cake, the wait staff are not friendly at all, quite rude to be honest never made us feel welcome, quite the opposite.
The place is extremely hot no AC and the frosting on the cupcakes tastes cheap and generic.
The place feels like it’s not managed by someone who knows what they’re doing.
We live in the area and quite frankly will never visit again- avoid!
I went today for nice cup of tea after the good reviews I read.
Tunde and Monica were very kind and joyful.
The carrot cake was great too.
The place looks very cozy but what I truly appreciate it was the grest atmosphere and friendliness.
We had a fantastic experience here for afternoon tea, not sure how the reviews aren't better!
Very nice and attentive staff and we loved the tea and treats - the baked goods in particular were delicious and fresh.
I especially appreciated the gluten free tea set.
It was such a cute way to spend an afternoon - highly recommend!
I ordered two chocolate Birthday cakes for my husband.
To say they were awesome is an understatement.
Everyone agreed that they were the best cake in London.
They delivered them on time too.
Will definitely be buying other Birthday cakes from here.
Had a very pleasant afternoon tea here.
Got 2 different types of tea that were delicious.
Scones were fresh baked and very good!
Very kind wait staff.
The staff are very friendly and the location is excellent being close to Euston Rd and the University and British Museum and British LibraryThe decor is attractive and I can imagine is attractive for those who like to send pictures of places that they re eating at and what they are havingWe had the Afternoon teaIt focussed more on the cakes than the sandwiches,Cakes were rich and of the mass produced type,nothing like the quality that is commonplace in the North of England,but perhaps commonplace for London.
Put me off cakes for life,like implosion therapy!
might be a good thing!
Scone not as good as you would make at home but jam dn cream were qualityTea and coffee were good quality and china was clean and attractiveCost quoted as £30 each but husband paid for the three of us and told me afterwards that it came to £106 so we weren't sure whether we have been overcharged as we were given the impression that tea and coffee was included and unlimited.
I think staff need better training in some areas of serviceWC was clean and noted to be disabled friendlyBooked well in advance but given a table near to WC door despite the fact the place was largely empty.
Again,a service and training issueWe enjoyed ourselves ,and my daughter took cakes away in a doggy bag.
Might be a place best suited to casual passers by wanting a coffee and a sandwich.
I went to Bea with my friend the lady sat us to our table and we had a glass of champagne.
The sandwich were tasty.
The scones were a little bit dry, and the other cakes.
The waitress was very friendly and helpful and she couldn't done more.
I definitely enjoyed the bottomless afternoon tea I had I used my voucher I got.
I like to come back but maybe For breakfast.
We were looking for somewhere to eat before our trip to the British Museum and came across this place.
We had a salad, a sandwich and a couple of cheeky glasses of Prosecco The staff in there were very friendly and polite and I loved the quaint feel of the place.
The food was delicious and it took all my strength to resist the beautiful looking cakes!
I had afternoon tea here and it wasn't a great experience.
I would call the theme of this place more modern and it is nice inside.
However, the service we received for our afternoon tea at 10 am wasn't good at all.
While friendly, we had so much trouble getting a refill of any tea of coffee.
In fact, I got up once and filled up my own water after we were out for over 15 mins.
Our server didn't even notice, she was too busy on the computer the whole time.
I was there for over an hour but struggled to get one refill on the tea and had to get up and ask.
We wouldn't have left a tip but when we received a bill, a 12.5% service charge was already included!
I would not recommend someone to come here for afternoon tea.
I had the gluten-free afternoon tea.
And it was wonderful!
The girls was amazing in their aim to give a good feeling and really see every guest as a person.
Espesially Monica was so friendly whith a big smile that I come to smile just thinking back at.
Thank you!
We had an amazing afternoon tea yesterday.
The food was very tasty and everything inside looks so pretty.
We were served by two lovely ladies, Tunde and Sophie who were very friendly and made our time there amazing!
I would recommend this place to anyone that’s going to visit London!
I couldn’t have been happier with my experience at Bea’s!
Food was delicious, staff really friendly, and tea as much as I could drink.
Would recommend for a beautifully done, yet affordable afternoon tea.
Great afternoon tea served by a lovely lady called Sophie.
She was a hoot!
Tunde behind the till was great too!
Definitely recommend.
Catered for my mate who us gluten free as well.
Beautiful looking place , called early in the morning for coffee and a cup cake , both were excellent .
The lovely young lady who served us answered all the questions my husband wated to know about the area and Bea's .
Wish i had found it the day before as i would have loved to have tried afternoon tea here .
Very tasty afternoon tea and a lovely selection, well presented.
The whole process could’ve been a bit more polished but overall we have a really nice afternoon.
We had a lovely afternoon tea at Bea’s.
I had gluten free sandwiches and cakes and they were very nicely done, very tasty, and I could see that I was practically getting the same dishes as a non-gluten free person.
Fruzsi, George and Ani did a fantastic jobI would definitely recommend to others.
Excellent service.
Great food, more than u can eat, but the English Tea Time experience was priceless!
I came here with my mum and sister for Mother's Day as a nice surprise.
We all opted for the vegetarian option, with an extra salmon brioche instead of meat.
Mum isn't a veggie, but she loves salmon so preferred this option.
The place itself is so pretty, decorated with lovely pink flowers and marble topped tables.
We were sat in a booth which was also lovely and comfy, and the place itself is also nice and warm.
Our server was so warm and friendly (I didn't catch her name) and added to the overall experience.
Beautiful, civilised place.
The afternoon tea itself was second to none.
It was arranged on three layered plates, the bottom being the lovely savoury brioche, middle the tasty scone and gorgeous cream and jam (which i really enjoyed and stuffed as much as I could in my greedy face) and the top with a gorgeous chocolate cupcake, brownies, smaller cakes and macaron and another tasty cake.
The brownie was incredibly rich and sweet, which was perfect for us as we all have a sweet tooth!
The frosting on each cake was decorated beautifully and it also tasted wonderful.
I was really happy with my choice to take my mum here as she had such a lovely time, and they kindly gave us a box and ba to put in the leftovers that we couldn't finish (and subsequently ate at home the next day).
As i was Mother's Day, 4 complimentary cupcakes were presented to us after we had finished which was so special and topped off the afternoon for us.
Very reasonable for £30pp and I can't wait to come here again!
I took my sister to gluten free afternoon tea and it was amazing.
The scones were warm and jam was perfect.
Sandwiches were divine!
Tunde and George took care of us and were very kind and welcoming staff!
I would 100% recommend.
The tea was delicious, the sandwiches were great, and the sweets (caramel brownie, red velvet cake) we decadently good.
Service was great, and the location itself is gorgeously decorated.
Best of all, the price - £30 per person - is reasonable.
We had good service in this lovely cafe style place right on Russell Square.
The afternoon tea with Prosecco was delicious.
It was all made fresh with warm scones and plenty to eat.
You don’t get offered extras as in some more expensive places but we had more than enough.
The vegetarian selection was good too.
We went for an afternoon tea which was the usual standard afternoon tea offering you find everywhere else but was priced reasonably at £32.
Bea’s were famous for their cupcakes but I found the sweets offering to be very basic and something that you could find in the supermarkets.
The service was friendly but quite slow.
The atmosphere was lacking because it’s just a very white tiled space but the worst aspect was the tea!
I had the Darjeeling which was basically a teabag in a teapot and it disn’t taste much like Darjeeling!
I was very disappointed to receive a teabag accompaniment to an afternoon tea menu - if I was eating in a cafe or a basic coffee shop, I wouldn’t be disappointed but to getting a teabag in a nice establishment was very surprising!
Cup cakes are overly expensive and icing feels plasticy!
Cake core isn't great.
Have had much better cakes for the price.
I took my lovely partner to this place for a surprise afternoon tea on a Saturday (July 2018) .
We did have an enjoyable time, but that was not because of my tea.
Her Gluten Free one was fine (and she enjoyed it) , but my standard tea was appalling.
Very dry bread and very little to excite.
I should have complained but I didn't because I didn't want to spoil the occasion.
The bill came to about £60, which frankly wasn't worth it.
The only thing I can do, is never go there again.
Poor to mediocre service too.
Not recommended.
Taken by friends none of us had experienced this before, nice layout of sandwiches and cakes, decent selection taste as you’d expect.
We had to wait a while from order taking to service nearly an hour others came, eat and went before us a little frustrating but we were in no rush.
Cost was a little expensive we ordered a set tea each rather that sharing so maybe our mistake for not realising what you got but add the service charge and it was over 130 for 4.
Bea's of Bloomsbury at Russell Square is to be avoided for Afternoon Tea.
I very much had been looking forward to Afternoon tea there and was deeply disappointed.
The scones were of bad quality, the cakes were not good either and the choice limited to American coffee shop stuff like cupcakes and brownies.
The sandwiches were fine.
But the staff did not even know what the signature Afternoon Tea included.
The tea was nothing special.
In short: 30 £ plus service charge is totally overpriced for this.
Never again.
When my mother cooks scones for a large group she freezes them then reheats them.
Presumably this is what they do here.
I can tolerate mediocre scones but I think the jam might have been home made...but without much fruit.
We were left with a small quantity of runny, pretty tasteless strawberry jam.
Overall a very disappointing experience.
I will do it myself next time or a hotel that's up to snuff.
Good coffee and delightful warm scone with some very tasty carrot cake too.
A cold blowy afternoon in Southampton Row stepping into a warm and cosy place,with friendly,lively staff.
You may have to book we were asked if we had.
Lovely seating and tables,bright and different.
Great coffee,dense,not sugary and tasty, carrot cake.
Stopped at Brea’s before visiting the British Museum.
We made a fantastic choice!
The restaurant is clean and bright.
Can’t decide which was better, the avocado on sourdough with a poached egg or the mashed peas & mint on sourdough with a poached egg.
Both were terrific.
The oat milk latte was a great addition.
Had lovely afternoon tea today at Bea’s.
The presentation was lovely and the staff were so attentive (Tunde, George).
My only feedback would be the dryness of the sandwiches and cake.
Would return for tea and one cake!
I stopped here with my mom to get a quick tea and it was so cute and nice inside.
We each got our own pot, and a dessert.
I had the gluten free banana bread, which was awesome.
Visited with a friend just before Christmas.
Everything was just so lovely.
Wonderful selection of cakes.
I had a cream tea, with warm scones, and my friend had cake.
Staff were welcoming and friendly, service was prompt.
The cafe has disabled access.
There is a very thin entrance step and then everything is on the ground floor.
There is a disabled accessible toilet with grab rails and emergency cord.
Loved it and plan to visit again soon.
Highly recommend.
One of my musts on any trip to the UK is a cream tea.
This proved very hard to get, between Christmas and New Year.
We kept arriving to find they only served after 4pm or only between 12 and 3pm or they were fully booked.
Finally I was just walking down Russell Square in the freezing cold of a London January afternoon when I saw Bea's of Bloomsbury, and went in hoping.
It is a charming cafe, nice and warm but not over-heated with pretty teal velvet seats, marble topped tables, and flowering tree decorations.
A huge afternoon tea is served in 3 layered baskets with sandwiches, biscuits and the prettiest of cakes... it was all I could do not to succumb to temptation.
But I finally ordered just a cream tea with a pot of scented Darjeeling.
The scone had raisins and came hot, with far too much cream and strawberry jam, and tasted as a delicious as it looked, crisp outside, soft but not soggy inside.
Full marks for Bea's.
I took my best friend here for her birthday and we also had her two year old son with us.
I was running late for my booking so called the shop to inform them and they explained that this was fine.
We ended up being a full half an hour late in the end which I felt very guilty for but the shop manager was very polite and understanding and told us just to relax and so we did.
They took our order and asked whether my friend's son would like a sandwich too which we thought was sweet and not only did he get a sandwich but he got his very own three tear mini afternoon tea set which was absolutely stunning and very very thoughtful!
It nearly had my friend in tears!
The staff were amazing and the food was fantastic!
Tunde provided a very special service for us and it topped of our day nicely!
I would definitely go back to enjoy their tea selection and array of cakes and sandwiches especially because the staff are so warm and welcoming!
We had the afternoon tea, one vegetarian and one gluten free option.
I’m not veggie, I just didn’t like the sound of the meat options and I’m so glad I did because the veggie one was really tasty.
The cakes were lovely, really moorish.
Sadly the scone was inedible, this was changed for another one but I assume they had a bad batch of scones as it was more like a sweet bread.
The gluten free option was nice, thanks for making the effort to offer this.
The tea selection was good and it was replenished for us during our visit.
We had to get up to pay the bill as service started to slow down by then.
I think it’s ok but for £30pp I’d like to be overwhelmed by the products and the service, not just ok with them.
I went to Bea's of Bloomsbury yesterday for afternoon tea with two friends.
It was a delightful afternoon in a light, bright oasis on a cold, wet December day.
Our server, Tunde, was friendly and ever ready to help.
Manager Tony topped up our tea and chatted too.
Both were lovely.
The afternoon was a triumph: a selection of tasty sandwiches, a divine scone with strawberry jam and clotted cream, and five delicious sweet treats.
We spent three hours in Bea's of Bloomsbury on Russell Square and enjoyed every single minute of it.
We'd definitely go back next time we're on a day trip from York.
Tony & Tunde looked after us so well.
Having arrived for a surprise Afternoon Tea with my daughter I was delighted to be greeted by a warm and bubbly team.
With an allergy to dairy I was also worried if we would still be able to opt for the full afternoon tea and to our surprise the chef tailor-made a brand new menu for us and even explained it to us herself.
We can’t thankyou enough, and we will be back again on our next visit to London.
Went here for late breakfast.
Nice dishes (sourdough toast, avocado, poached eggs) and amazing sweets: muffins and carrot cake.
Nice and quiet atmospherr, very relaxing.
Service is a bit slow but friendly.
Only shortcoming is that they don’t serve fresh juices.
Visited for my birthday.
Great service by Tony, best strawberry jam and scone I have ever tasted.
Love it, will come again and will recommend to friends!
So whilst in Russell Square on this dreary December day my partner and I decided to call into Bea’s for afternoon Tea for 2.
Upon arrival we were greeted by the Manager Tony, we’d not even reserved a table, and was told to sit where we liked, from the moment we sat down the service was out of this world.
The shop has some excellent cupcakes on offer and gluten free ones as well, along with an excellent selection of Pastries, and Carrot, Guinness cakes and my favourite Duffins (Doughnut and Muffin) combined, so for me it was a pot of Earl Grey Tea and a Duffin, my partner settled for a slice of Guinness cake and an English Breakfast Tea.
The shop is very bright, clean and the staff have been very well trained by the manager as they were very attentive and knowledgeable.
Well done Tony and the team for making my Saturday afternoon Tea and Cake a most enjoyable one, I’ll definitely recommend Bea’s of Bloomsbury to my “sweet toothed” friends and family.
- stale sandwiches- poor service- dry cake- cut open a tea bag to put it in a pot.
Where do I start?
Someone should explain the difference between loose leaf tea and a teabag.
They are not interchangeableOverall disappointing and expensive.
Was invited to a birthday celebration tea.
The restaurant has a nice ambience and the staff were lovely.
Unfortunately the sandwiches are artistic , brown bread held by a cucumber slice 'strap' etc but the contents is bland and unimaginative.
The scones were sadly under baked in the middle.
For £30 per person something of a disappointment.
Sorry to the lovely staff, but couldn't recommend.
My wife and I made a reservation for this quaint place and had a wonderful afternoon tea.
Tea was great as were the sandwiches and treats.
Manager was awesome and even gave nice gift to my wife for us to take home.
Will go again when in London.
Had a very nice experience, including my ten year old son as well as fourteen year old daughter.
Sandwiches were good, if a little bland; scones were very good; tea cakes tasty; and tea was terrific.
Service was liesurely and very nice, great visit.
I was there this past week and was so disappointed in the whole experience.
I had been several years ago and it was better.
As another guest pointed out, the sandwiches were not very good (veggie sandwich was the worst).
The cakes were stale and no flavor to them.
I knew something was wrong when I had to ask for a clean cup.
For the price $63.00 pounds, it was not a good experience.
We visited Bea’s for high tea and was very impressed.
Quaint little cafe, very well decorated.
Service was great and the food was delicious.
Latte outstanding.
Lovely cups.
A great tea party.
Every time I visit with my friend in London we try a new afternoon tea.
Apparently this one is on the best lists every year.
I have no idea why.
The sandwiches were stale.
The scones were undercooked and the pastry’s were bland.
The service warmed up as our visit went on but wasn’t poor and verging on unfriendly.
Really pleasant experience with great staff and lovely desserts.
The resto is small but very quaint with nice music.
I required gluten free so picked this place in particular.
The dessert and cream/scones were excellent, but he sandwich GF options were only OK.
They lacked flavor, in my mind, but don't let this stop you from going.
My dining partner thought her non-gf sandwiches were very nice.
Just stopped by for a chat with a friend that I didn't see for a long time.
The place was kind of small but nicely decorated, food good... but sadly there were a lot of noises coming from the kitchen, which spoiled our evening.
This is a small, pleasant and inviting bright space with wood tables.
We went for morning tea/coffee and the restaurant was not particularly crowded at the time, so it was perfect for a quiet chat.
Unfortunately, we did not have the best experience.
My cappuccino coffee was very weak and not hot enough.
It was, however, prettily decorated with swirled foam.
We wanted avocado toast and were informed that this was not on the menu.
Later, we discovered that it is possible to order toast with a side of sliced avocado.
I am not sure why our server did not offer us this alternate option!
The cake we shared was okay - nothing special.
Asked for Guinness cake.
Got told to perhaps go for some choc caramel coconut cake, which I had no interest in.
Asked again for Guinness cake.
Got a slice with icing falling off!
Asked for a slice of Guinness cake to take away.
Got told all gone, would I like a slice of choc caramel coconut cake...you get the picture!
Drank an Americano waiter tried to charge me for a flat white.
I must look stupid or something.
Each lunchtime I go to Beas for some quality time and a cappuccino - the staff here are absolutely amazing.
They make you feel welcome, accomodate you even if it's super busy.
Not only are they friendly, they are super efficient too.
I highly recommend Beas.
We have had a number of cakes ordered for various occasions from Bea’s and they have always been a cut above the other boutique bakeries in london.
Always with soft, buttery sponges and delicious flavoured frosting/cream (Dulce de Leche is a particular favourite!
) and they never disappoint!
The service is always very friendly and welcoming - would recommend for afternoon tea and for occasion cakes.
I went in here to grab a coffee, but it is a very small place so I was not able to sit down (not their fault, but still annoying).
My coffee was hardly lukewarm when I got it!
It also was not worth the price, very flavorless.
Not very good service either.
Bea’s of Bloomsbury is a lovely little bakery/tea house in Bloomsbury near Holborn tube station.
Bea’s serves an excellent cream tea, lunch sandwiches, and salads as well as an assortment of cookies, cupcakes, and sweet breads.
My favorite is the cream tea consisting of scones, clotted cream, jam and of course your favorite tea variety.
The price is much less than a cream tea at the Wolseley or the Ritz and frankly just as good.
The cupcakes and sweet breads are delicious as well.
Try Bea’s!
Just ordered a 14" carrot cake for my birthday.
It was exceptional.
Cake was moist and delicious and covered in mascarpone icing.
I highly recommend Bea's, especially if you need a big cake for an event.
Have eaten here numerous times and have always been impressed with the quality of service and food.
Their afternoon teas are particularly good with plenty of choice on offer, and it all looks amazing.
Unlike other competitors, Beas are smaller and still seem very unique.
I've always been treated brilliantly on every visit and continue to recommend to all family and friends when they visit London.
I went here with my girlfriend on the back of a recommendation from a friend...we were not disappointed!
The cakes were amazing and easily some of the best that we have ever had, staff were very friendly and attentive too.
A very nice setting too and exactly the sort of relaxed environment we were looking for.
Will definitely go here again.
Had made a reservation for afternoon tea after having read an article naming Beas tearoom as a good place to enjoy traditional afternoon tea.
What a disseapointment!
The tea was luke warm and just a tea bag thrown into a pot of water, the brioche a matter of taste but way to sweet for me.
The scones absolutely the best thing served!
Would have been nice if the clotted cream had been served in a dish and not in a plastic container.
The cupcakes were fine but the other pastries just small chunks of boring cake.
Gluten free chocolate cake was rather dry.
I asked for passion fruit curd filling with extra raspberries preferably in a coulis but they wouldn’t.
Very few raspberries.
Cost was over £100 for 35-60 people.
I also wanted some extra cake decoration on the sides but they wouldn’t do it even tho a skilled patisserie could have easily have done it in c 10 minutes.
Despite numerous emails and hand written confirmation, Bea’s had ordered the cake for the wrong day which luckily I had noticed in time.
Not a good experience.
There are better and cheaper cake makers in London.
This Co. are trading on Bea Vo’s success but she is no longer associated with the company and has set up another called Butterscotch Bakery in West London.
This place is quite pricey.
We were a group of 6 and had a nice table where we could sit and talk.
It is a small cafe, quiet with very nice and friendly staff.
The brioche savoury buns were delicious and little gold bottles of Prosecco were nice too.
The scones were a bit dry and the cakes rather too sweet but had a very good time.
went with two girlfriends friday 19th dissapointed can you imagine no clotted cream for the scones !
Tea was luke warm small pastries so so and brioche buns awful!
really gone down from first visit shame wont be back must say staff friendly .
We booked an afternoon tea at this place.
They were absolutly friendly and explained everything.
The food was actually a bit too much, but I think it depends on how much hungry you are.
Anyway we could take home the rest of the food, which was great!
The food was really good and we will come back again!
I just love the cupcakes of this place and i love afternoon tea so i tried this one and was big expensive mistake.
If you feel like spending money then better go for a dozen of cupcakes and you will be a happy person.
If you are to give so much money just buy a dozen of cupcakes and you will be a happy man.
I am so glad we chose Bea's as our wedding cake supplier.
You need to put a lot of trust in a supplier for something this important and our expectations were more than exceeded.
From the very first moment on, the staff at Bea's customer service was so helpful and reliable - it was impressive.
The cake was beautiful and exactly how we wanted it, it tasted delicious and it was the best price!
Thank you Lauren and team for your support!
We were really looking forward to our afternoon tea .
Hadn't read any of the reviews but agree for the price it was so disappointing.
Poor quality sandwiches on brioche buns and cakes were very poor.
It's not really an afternoon tea sort of place just a cafe.
Service was good but that was the only plus point.
I wish I had read the reviews before visiting and that would have saved me the cost of the afternoon tea.
I’ve not seen sandwiches like this before, essentially a brioche bun with the top sliced off and slices of filling laid on the top.
We had the vegetarian version and this consisted of for example, a slice of tomato with a slice of avocado; sliced tomato with a piece of mozzarella.
The bread was heavy and we didn’t finish these.
The scones were the highlight but let down by presenting the clotted cream in the plastic container from the manufacturer.
Quite tacky.
Staff were pleasant and helpful but this doesn’t make up for the poor quality of the food unfortunately.
I can’t quite believe how this gets recommended on so many websites as one of the best places for afternoon tea in London.
To be honest I expected something more.
The coffee was average and the pastry was not at all impressive.
Just a regular coffee place.
No trip to London is complete without afternoon tea.
The hard part is finding the right place to have it.
The food and service here were impeccable.
As someone who does not drink tea, I wasn't even looking forward to that part of the experience but the tea was so good I had three cups.
This place was also nice because it wasn't a stuffy tea room but a modern place where I was comfortable in my casual attire.
Be sure to give yourself enough time to enjoy the experience and know if you choose this place, you've chosen the right place.
Unfortunately we did not book this venue directly, we were actually recommend and a reservation was made through our hotel.
I am saddened that afternoon tea at Bea's of Bloomsbury was disappointing and I would not recommend anyone going - save your money and go somewhere else....
Firstly the environment is not spacious or inviting we were seated upstairs in a cramped booth seat.
We waited for about 15 minutes to order (and only after we had to ask the waiter to take our order).
The table was already set for tea and each setting had a small jam jar, which was very cafe like !
However we order 2 normal afternoon tea and 2 champagne afternoon tea.
Because our 15 year old sons don't drink tea and wanted juice instead, when the food arrived they had a children's afternoon tea - at no stage in our ordering did we ever mention a children's afternoon tea?
Which leads me onto the tea - TEA BAGS, if you are paying over £30.00 for afternoon tea why do you have to use tea bags?
The sandwiches well you can't even call them sandwiches.
They were small brioche buns that did not have any filling inside them all we got was a scrapping of filling on the top.
My husband and I have had numerous afternoon tea throughout Hertfordshire, Buckingham, Bedfordshire and London and this has to be the worst.
I am not sure what this place is trying to do, except collect money and deliver poor quality food.
The cupcakes were stale/hard I originally thought maybe the sponge was made from the pound cake recipe which meant it was dense and hard.
But in hindsight this wasn't the case the cakes were staleIn the children's afternoon tea the brioche buns had cheese and tomato, two random pieces of chicken and believe it or not 2 pieces of cucumber!
Please please please potential customers i would strongly advise you to spend the same amount of money else where and actually get some sandwiches with proper fillings, roper tea and fresh cakes, otherwise you will be disappointed.
Then finally I would also like to add that the staff looking after the first floor guests seemed uninterested and only spoke to each other in their own language, and didn't seem to understand anything you asked them, except when we asked for the bill.
We did ask them to take off the service charge and they weren't impressed!
Not a good afternoon tea at all.
Tasteless, dry cake with strange sandwiches.
Scones were burnt to top it off.
Very disappointing afternoon tea.
Would not recommend.
Was passing by so called in bit of a mistake at £3.50 per cupcake they were very dry and lacked in taste!
Sandwiches and cupcakes are most likely leftovers from day before, crockery is in very poor condition.
Members of staff and even managers are communicating within each other in their languages in front of you which is not nice and professional at all.
Atmosphere is stuffy and tight when busy.
It’s better to spend a bit more somewhere else and get good experience instead of big disappointment here.
We were three on afternoon-tea.
Very nice staff and the scones was the best part!
Really good!
It's big portions, and the cakes on the top are so sweet and tastes nice.
They also serve afternoon-tea that's free of gluten.
We went to Bea's after a morning tour which was a big mistake as we were all quite hungry!
Unfortunately the tiny sandwiches and few dainties were not suffice!
Even though it was only 25 pounds a person, converted to Canadian dollars we spent $188CAN for the tiniest snack and tea for 5 of us!
I would not waste my money or time on "high tea" at Bea's or anywhere else in London.
I discovered the St Paul's cute little tea room about 1 1/2 years ago and felt like I found the perfect cupcake haven!
I literally used to visit every week to get my fix and never did it disappoint ....
until recently!
I made a visit last weekend to St Paul's and ordered my usual 2 (yes 2) cupcakes, sadly the Nutella one wasn't available so went for the (once) amazing red velvet and Oreo.
To my horror, although the buttercream was ok, the cake was dry and crumbly!
This was once ever so moist and delicious you couldn't help but order more!
I informed the staff and they didn't seem to care.
Having not gotten over the experience I visited the Marylebone branch today - the service was second to none.
Having explained my disappointment, I had bought another red velvet and was given two complimentary ones by the kind gent serving me to apologise for the let down.
I was soooo hoping they were up to standard just like they used to be but turned out they were dry again!
It's such a shame, maybe they're skimping on ingredients but sad to say the standards have definitely dropped.
I used to rate these little treats way above the likes of hummingbird and Lola but unfortunately they have lost the spot.
Please oh please bring bag the amazing fresh moist cupcakes you used to bake!
Three of us had afternoon tea here a couple of days ago, one of which was the vegetarian selection.
The staff were brilliant, suggesting a delicious iced tea for us to have, and making sure we were happy and comfortable.
The selection of goodies on our three tiered plate carriers was good, and everything tasted good.
I have noticed that a couple of reviewers have said they felt the price for the set afternoon teas was high.
I suspect the reviewers saying that don't know that many many places charge twice Bea's prices for afternoon tea!
I'd heard Bea's was great for cakes and tea.
And the one in Marylebone Village is delightful, actually.
This one on Theobald's Road is an entirely different story.
Walked in and there were plenty of tables.
The manager asked if we'd booked.
No, we hadn't.
He showed us to a table at the back, slightly scruffy and right next to a pair of swing doors (head height, not to ceiling) fencing off the café from the kitchens behind.
We browsed the menu, which showed only very expensive set teas - £25 - £35 - that kind of price.
Wanting just a pot of tea and a nice cake, I wandered back to the counter.
There the waitress told me it was best to choose at the counter as the cupcakes (which was pretty much all that was on offer) were not on the menu.
There were three different types of cupcake.
All sounded a bit strange, so we chose an ordinary looking brownie instead.
It was only as we were leaving later that I found a Cupcake Menu (!
) by the till!
Why isn't this on the tables?
Why were only 3 varieties on offer, when cupcakes are clearly Bea's 'thing'?
Whoever Bea is, I think she'd be shocked at the standards here.
It's a far cry from the vision established in the Marylebone branch.
We made the most of Bea's summer offer on their Golden Afternoon tea - three tiers of brioche, cupcakes, scones - with clotted cream and jam obviously - meringues, brownies, blondies and other delights!
A pot of tea of your choice and a small bottle of Bottega Gold Prosecco.
We couldn't finish all our delicacies so our lovely waitress boxed up the excess for us to take home.
My only complaint is that they need to check the crockery- visible chips and cracks in some of the plates and a teapot lid.
If you don't feel like spending tons of money on high tea, Bea's is a great option.
The baked goods are made on the premises and the prices are very reasonable.
The service was attentive and prompt, and the tea was excellent.
Everything was well presented and I found it to be a very pleasant afternoon.
Bea's of Bloomsbury is a perfect place to have a nice afternoon tea.
Staff is nice and friendly, tea is good and food amazing.
Lovely little place.
Its really cozy and cute.
We had coffee and Cupcakes and they were awosome.
We had a pistachio cupcake, strawberry cupcake and chocolate cupckes.
Also some scones since these are typical in England.
But my favorite was the peanut butter bar that I had.
Attention was just fantastic.
100% recommend this beautiful and sweet place.
I booked at the St Paul's branch as part of a trip to London for my husband's birthday.
On arrival the atmosphere between the staff was just awful.
There seemed to be an argument going on about a drinks order and this was all played out in front of customers.
It took a long time to be seated and there didn't appear to be anywhere to go, other than the takeaway counter, to confirm that you had arrived for a booked table.
Once seated, the female staff who served us were really friendly and helpful.
However, there was one male member of staff who seemed to be arguing with the other staff the whole time we were there - the same guy who was causing problems downstairs.
After one party next to us left, he started moving around the tables while raising his voice at another member of staff.
We felt pretty uncomfortable, although probably not as embarrassed as the young woman he was being so rude to.
However, the food was tasty and quite fresh, despite it being quite late in the afternoon.
There was plenty of choice; we couldn't eat everything and took home the cupcakes.
There were a couple of issues with the afternoon tea itself.
There wasn't enough tea for three people.
There was only one pot between three of us, and when we asked for a pot of hot water to top up the tea bags, the staff seemed to indicate that this was a really strange request.
The amount of tea seemed distinctly disproportionate to the amount of food.
Also, the clotted cream for the scones was in a plastic tub (inside a ceramic pot).
Plastic pots at afternoon tea are a bit 'low rent'.
I did enjoy the filled brioche, but 'filled' they were not.
The fillings were definitely on the mean side.
At the end of our afternoon tea, it took absolutely ages to get the bill, despite upstairs being almost empty.
Nobody came to take payment and I ended up going downstairs to pay so we could leave.
I had to wait until the take away customers were served, and then they made an error with my card payment.
Staff kept talking to each other when they should have been speaking with customers.
It was all a bit of shambles.
In terms of value for money, if you disregard the service issues and focus purely on the food, it was good value at about half the price of a hotel afternoon tea.
Also, there were really good vegetarian options and gluten free options.
The tea room itself is quite lovely - it has a mezzanine level and lots of glass.
Cute, teapot shaped lights that look custom made, that kind of thing.
But, a word to management - ensure the toilet is up to the same standard as the dining area.
It wasn't just that the toilet facility was undecorated, it was filthy.
My experience at Bea's was so average I was not going to write a review, but I decided to do it after seeing Andrew Zimmerman do a segment on it on the Travel Channel.
I watched the segment with fascination as I had just been to Bea's two weeks earlier (May 21, 2017), but did not recognize anything that supposedly we being presented during the televised tea.
I picked Bea's as it was relatively close to the British Museum where I had just spent my Sunday.
The reviews at the time seemed favorable and I knew that a full afternoon tea would be just what I needed since I was going on a Jack the Ripper tour that evening.
The storefront was a bit smaller and worn than I anticipated, but the bakery case showed some delicious looking cakes, cookies, and truly beautiful cupcakes.
Sadly, those are not part of the Afternoon Tea.
The waitperson was friendly and explained what would be served, also indicating I could try different teas.
I ordered a pot of English Breakfast (liking a nice robust brew) and settled in.
A different waitperson brought over the tray and gave me the description of offering.
Now on television, you saw an elaborate cupcakes with whipped cream and strawberries, large meringues, and a pot of clotted cream.
What you get in real life (or what I got) was a cupcake with a vibrant purple frosting, a meringue the size of an American quarter, plus four squares of cookies that were about 1/9 the size of the original (and were smaller than the pieces offered for samples).
The next tray had two scones, a plastic cup of clotted cream with a foil lid (it was the British version of the cup of Philadelphia cream cheese you get a certain bagel purveyors), and a small jar of jam.
The bottom tier had what looked like brioche buns about the size of golf balls.
These were the sandwiches.
I had expected that given the shape of the bread, that the little buns had been hollowed out and filled.
No such luck.
Each sandwich had been cut about a third of the way done and a thin smear of a filling (or an alleged filling) applied.
The bread had a nice flavor if a little dry, but in the end, you just had a great deal of bread.
Working my way up, the scones were very nice and simple.
You had to portion out the clotted cream a bit as well as the jam since the given amounts were less than generous.
As for the mini pastries-they were tasty.
I think the goal was that you should want to buy the entire piece since the amount given was less than a bite.
Bea's is famous for the cupcakes.
And it was a very nice tasty cupcake.
Not one of the elaborate ones in the case, but nice.
I wish I had been given a choice.
I would have liked a chocolate cupcake, but was not given a choice.
As for the tea, well it was a teabag in a pot that would require two for a decent brew.
The water was lukewarm not hot.
When I asked for more, I was given more hot water and the already spent teabag.
For all of this, I paid 30 pounds.
Here is how to really have an afternoon tea and enjoy the offerings at Bea's.
Forego that sandwiches.
Get the cream tea which will then give you the scones and a pot of tea.
Separately order cupcakes and pastries (even after paying for the cream team, you can get six full sized pastries-that would make up about 5 of the tea trays).
Sit and enjoy.
I you want a proper tea-stick to the hotels.
We passed by, and wanted to try it.
We had scones, and didn't like them so much, We found them hard and didn't like the taste.
They have a large choice of cupcakes, but we didn't try them.
Lovely cup cakes so many flavours and don't get me started on the raspberry meringue❤️Cream teas to die for.
We went to this place to have the afternoon tea experience while on our trip to UK but were disappointed.
The place has a quaint feel to it but the sandwiches and cupcakes served with the tea were average.
The price is pretty steep as there are several places which will offer the same afternoon tea at cheaper prices.
The only plus point is its location as it is located right in Central London.
It all just felt like a bit of a money making machine.
Yes, making individual sandwiches is a bit of a faff, and yes mini versions of cakes are fiddly, but if that's what you're selling, you kind of need to do it well!
Cutting corners doesn't, well, cut it!
A dry, spherical, mini bread roll with a tiny bit of sandwich filling dolloped on top does not make a tasty or satisfying sandwich substitute, being 90% dry bread, no matter how much easier it makes it for the staff.
A dry, very small scone required us to ask for extra clotted cream despite its meagre size, as portions seemed strictly controlled the day I was there.
The cakes on top were a mixture of giant cupcakes towering with greasy looking icing, little cut cubes of a fruit sponge of some kind and some marshmallows, and felt designed to distract the eye away from the fact that the basics were not done well.
It costs pence to make a good scone and only a few minutes to cook.
Egg mayonnaise is the easiest sandwich filling in the world and a tasty classic, so how is it possible to make my tiny portion balanced on top of my ball of bread taste of nothing at all?
If I'm paying just south of 30 pounds for a scone, 3 mini rolls and a couple of inch cubes of cake, I want, no I expect, them to be good!
Sadly, they were not.
It just feels as if Bea's has jumped on a money making bandwagon.
We were recommended Bea's by our wedding venue and placed an order after a free tasting during which we discussed our needs.
We did think it was expensive but they made lots of promises and seemed very professional.
Sadly, they did not deliver on the day.
Two of the four tiers had the wrong fillings which made the cakes awful.
When we gave this feedback to the Manager she took a long time to respond and when she did told us we were wrong!
It was such as shame as the other two tiers were exactly to specification and delicious.
Of course, they demanded payment up front so there is nothing we can do.
I wouldn't recommend them for a big occasion, they can' deliver on the day and can't accept when they make mistakes.
Staff were very friendly, but we ordered four items for takeaway and received only three, two of which were not what we ordered.
I cannot find my receipt to see whether or not I was charged for the missing item, but our total was 24 pounds so I believe I was.
Quality of the single correct item was very good.
I have taken away from the branch in Farringdon a few times but have never been here so decided to pop in for tea and cake.
The choice of teas is very limited for a specialist tea shop so no Assam but ordered Earl Grey, a duffin and cronut.
Cakes were very nice but at about £3.50 each rather pricey.
We were given breakfast tea rather than Earl Grey and charged for a tea plus a flat white.
So expensive for what it is!
I ordered a protein salad ( suppose to be rich in protein so that you are not hungry ) But it was SO SMALL!
Had to stop at Sainsbury's to get extra food!
In my nervous, albeit last-minute search for a nice place for the traditional afternoon tea in London, I came across Bea's of Bloomsbury.
For anyone who does not know this, since high tea is always in demand, you need to make a reservation.
Unluckily, I had attempted to reserve in different hotel's for the tea service earlier (for my dad's birthday) and was turned down due to lack of openings.
Off the bat, Bea's easy reservation system requires setting a time, inputting your email, and voila!
It's done!
Not only this, but the price is incredibly doable, verging on inexpensive, in comparison to other places.
We arrived on time, and we were very lucky to see it was a pretty quiet service.
The cotton candy coloured decor is a sweet and soft welcome to the eyes.
We were promptly accommodated and given menu's and suggestions for the tea, as we are not locals nor tea drinkers.
Our waitress and the manager, Magda, were incredibly warm and hospitable!
They even headed my request for candles on one of the three-tiered serving plates with pastries and salty bites for my dad's birthday!
(Which by the way, is perfectly filling!
) I'm impressed by this as many special requests go unheeded, or unnoticed.
The teapot serves you exactly three full servings of tea per person, which goes wonderfully with each level of pastries.
So happy I came here.
This is a London gem, in a wonderful neighbourhood (Great for shopping!
) with impeccable service and no pretension.
Thank you Bea's, I will be back!
We decided quite last minute to get a birthday cake for our boss at work and I went on a hunt to find one.
I came across Bea's of Bloomsbury as it was nearby our office.
I rang and enquired whether they would be able to make a 8 inch Triple Chocolate Cake with an inscription for the next day.
The person who answered the phone was very friendly and helpful and woolah!
They could do the cake.
I did go to the Bloomsbury branch rather than the one nearest to us (St Pauls) as it meant I could collect it earlier in the morning.
Upon arrival the staff were super helpful and kind, I dealt with a new member of staff and her manager who was training her and were a delight to deal with.
The cake itself was gorgeously presented and tasted fantastic.
I was gobbled down by us all!
I would definitely recommend the Bloomsbury Branch for celebration cakes after my experience.
I would also like to point out how decently priced the cake was too in comparison to the bigger chains such as Hummingbird / Patisserie Valerie / Pauls etc and in my opinion the quality was far better.
We were looking forward to afternoon tea it was meant to be a treat for my daughter.
We'd booked in advance and were expecting a no frills substantial tea, so we skipped lunch.
When we arrived we were shown to a drafty table between the door and a grubby display fridge with a few leftover cakes.
I understand someone has to have the bad table so okay we were unlucky but the state of the display fridge cannot be down to luck.
No point in writing a story of our experience but the crockery was chipped, the brioche buns were stale, the scones were raw in the middle.
The cakes had obviously been out for a long time to be honest they looked like the left overs from previous customers plates.
No one came back to our table so I had to go to ask for the bill.
When I did I saw the same cakes on sale about 10 times bigger and at £2.80.
To charge £90 without alcohol for three people is shocking.
In hind sight we should have realised something wasn't right by the pile of dirty plates and half eaten food on the outside tables.
I don't normally write reviews as I prefer to speak to the staff at the time if there's a problem but the staff were too busy chatting and eating to be bothered with customers.
I visited St. Paul's in 2015 and had a great afternoon tea there.
Unfortunately, that restaurant is gone, but we were directed to Bea's by one of the workers.
We were able to walk in and get a tea without a reservation.
The presentation of the food was nice, but the food was just so-so.
The scones were hot and good, though.
My tea choice turned out to be mediocre, but it wasn't bad.
The tea for two was expensive, so be warned!
There are cheaper choices on the menu, though.
Our first, proper GF afternoon tea - booked 3 weeks ago - and it didn't disappoint.
Tasty sandwiches on lovely bread, proper scones and lovely cakes - had to bring some home as simply didn't have room to eat the lot!
Excellent service and well worth seeking out.
Several locations across London too.
My first visit to Bea of Bloomsbury and was certainly not disappointed.
Delicious savoury brioche rolls followed by the BEST scones I have ever had and delicious pastries and cakes.
This was an amazing place to have a tea.
From my family coming to Europe for the first time and not having had a tea party ever this was a great introduction.
It is a great family friendly place and has amazing food.
I definitely would recommend this to anyone who wants to have a tea and have some good food.
The service was also perfect!
If we had a question or wanted our check, they would have it for us in a few seconds.
I would definitely come back.
I had the apple cinnamon tea and I went back for thirds.
I also tasted the delicious berries tea and that was also outstanding.
Overall great place and I would definitely recommend it.
Had we not booked our tea for a friends birthday I would not have been happy to stay in this cold dark cafe.
I had a bad feeling immediately that it was overpriced- there was no range of tea, the cups were chipped.
Brioches were cold and hard like they'd been sitting in a fridge for a long time (not fresh at all).
The cakes were average- all tasted a bit 'off' and none of us enjoyed the cupcakes.
Although £26.50pp they tried to get us to spend more on bottled water, suggested prosecco and then added on a big service charge at the end.
Had we not been there for a friends birthday, I would have complained- but didn't want to spoil the day.
Very very disappointed.
We booked our very first afternoon tea with my friend in this place and we were so disappointed!
We're travelling whole day and we were waiting for this lovely event.
The place was very small and full of people and we got seated in the back of the cafe next to the door to the kitchen.
Service was really weird.
The staff weren't local, accent was hard to follow and communication was hard at some point.
We took an afternoon tea plate for two which had three layers.
Savory buns with different topping on the bottom (they called them sandwiches?
) they were cold and hard like they have stood whole day in the fridge, scones with clotted cream (also stood in the fridge for a long time) and jam, and finally on the top couple muffins and lots of small small pieces of different cakes and some macarons.
I tasted every one of them but could not finish them.
They tasted very bad and they were not fresh.
After all this we had to pay of course and the total amount was 61 pounds?
What!
They added almost 6 pounds service fee on top and water didn't even include in the price.
Awful.
I had ordered a Triple Chocolate Cake for collection for my wife's birthday and it was the most amazing chocolate cake we have ever had.
It is listed as one of the best cakes in London as per the London Evening Standard and I would agree to that!
It was rich, moist and made up of three layers consisting of rich chocolate buttercream and dark chocolate truffle (Yum!
).
I would definitely recommend this cake to anyone looking for a celebration cake.
So wait staff nice.
I didn't find the cafe to be anything special at all, very small and I could imagine it could get cramped very easily.
My friends and I had afternoon tea which cost about £25 each.
Although the food was really delicious it was tiny!
Three mouthfuls of sandwich and five mouthfuls of cake.
Don't really know how they can justify that amount.
When we asked for more tea we found they'd just added more hot water making tea rather weak.
Considering the afternoon tea cake with proseco which we didn't have might have been nice if they'd spared us another tea bag.
Lovely little coffee shop with the best cinnamon rolls I've ever had.
Friendly service - and the chap often serves up free tasters he's baked up.
Good coffee too.
Great place to have a quick lunch.
Place is quite small but the service is really good.
The location is great.
The cakes are really fresh & are a real treat.
I attended with a group of friends for afternoon tea.
On arrival, we were pointed to a table and then abruptly told this was the wrong one.
I do not drink tea but was not offered a substitute and had to pay for a cold drink in addition to the fixed price for the afternoon tea.
The aroma on arrival was incredible; a deep, delicious, chocolatey smell, but this was quickly overtaken by the stench of sewage whenever the door to the toilets was opened, to the point where my pregnant friend retched.
The food itself was okay.
The miniature brownies and blondies were delicious, the meringues were pleasant, and the marshmallows were strange.
The scones were quite dense and dry, and the brioche sandwiches were tough, with obscure toppings.
The cupcakes were okay, but I (as someone who has always believed there is no such thing as too much buttercream) scraped off the majority of the buttercream because there was more icing than cake, and it was somewhat greasy.
My main problem with the visit was the service.
I found the host to be almost aggressive in his welcome patter, which was lengthy and made all us feel uncomfortable.
Staff told us after an hour and a half that we needed to leave as another party was due to arrive now (which was untrue) and were unapologetic when we pointed out that we had booked a two hour slot and had yet to finish our food.
Whilst they honoured this, another member of staff then removed all the plates from the tea stands and took the stands away, but left us with a table completely covered with plates.
The result was to make us feel quite pressured to leave.
Several members of our group were unable to use the toilet despite needing to do so, due to the stench.
Overall, we were quite disappointed and will not return.
We booked this place as we thought it looked nice online and was reasonably priced for afternoon tea in London.
There was no choice of sandwiches and the cakes were randomly allocated by staff.
The food was ok, but average overall (no homemade jam, cream, cakes etc).
We were interupted halfway through our time whilst still eating by a waiter who claimed that our time was up and he had a party about to arrive so had to clear the table.
When we queried this as our booking had said that we had 2 hours he said we could stay for a while longer in order to finish our food - we did not see another party arrive though so not sure if they existed!
When we did leave there were a number of empty tables and the staff were in no hurry to give us our bill.
Unfortunately our table was situated opposite the staircase which led down to the toilets and the smell was unbearable at our table during the whole of our visit.
It was so bad that when we left we went to a nearby McDonald's in order to use the toilet there instead as we couldn't face the dirty toilets we saw and smelt inside Bea's.
We will try somewhere else next time.
Being the foodies that we are, we came here for the duffins!
The shop itself was very cute, and even though it was relatively busy, we were still able to get a table.
My sister got a duffin with jam and I got the one with nutella.
It is difficult to say whose was better!
Anyway, if you are in the neighborhood, I totally recommend stopping here for one.
Amazing afternoon tea.
Doesn't look much from the outside but food and service were first class.
Catered to a range of dietary requirements and the gluten free options were incredible.
Delicious food and coffee/tea.
We will be back!
I stopped in for a few sweets on my last trip to London and found this location just as nice as the New Change.
A bit smaller perhaps and the decor is different, but the staff was incredibly nice.
I find Bea's a great place for a tea that's a bit different and of course the sweets are delicious.
I read so many reviews saying this is a 'must do' in London so after leaving it too late to book anywhere else I reserved a table for 4 on Saturday afternoon.
We arrived a bit early and my first impression was that it smelled delicious but looked very cramped.
Our table was tiny and right by the counter.
Looking around there only seemed to be one table in the whole place that wasn't cramped.
Afternoon tea arrived on a stand - all very pretty but absolutely no choice involved.
The food was delicious, the scones especially good.
No refills of food were offered (not that we needed them but every other afternoon tea I have taken has always included the offer of more sandwiches or cakes/scones).
The toilets are horrible.
Truly, just disgusting.
The waitress who served us went in before me and came out and went straight back upstairs without washing her hands.
Good job I had already eaten otherwise I may have left!
The food is good but not good enough to make up for a very tired, shabby cafe with grotty toilets.
I won't be going back.
Excellent coffee and cakes.
Lovely staff made us feel very welcome.
Small independent cafe.
Put out a wheelchair ramp for us, and followed down the road when we left a phone behind.
Bea knows what she's doing.
I'm no stranger to her shops.
I just rarely sit down in them.
I had a great breakfast of buttermilk pancakes when she had the place under the arches on Druid Street.
But I was more familiar with her goodies from being a market trader on Maltby street in its early days.
At the end of the day traders would barter leftovers.
Why oh why does Bea not unleash her amazing frangipane in her shops?
It doesn't stop me going in.
But I do keep asking after that frangipane at every opportunity.
So last Friday eve I stopped by the St Paul's Bea's to pick up some cakes for dessert.
It was the end of the day.
The place looked like it had been hit by a plague of locusts.
None of the remains grabbed me by the throat so I asked for a recommendation.
He pointed at the PBJ slice, which was round about the last thing I wanted.
I just wasn't in the mood for a brownish slice.
I wanted fancy.
I just don't get PBJ sandwiches.
Peanut butter, honey and banana, yes yes yes.
PBJ, ugh.
I thought of the frangipane and went with it.
God it was good.
Awful experience with a friend of mine, from the guy behind the counter which was asking too many personal questions, and a bit too flirty to the well over-priced food.
There also was a lady shouting at what I presume were other employees.
They couldn't cater for nut allergy, as what they said it didn't contain nuts, it end up having some, which my friend was allergic to and we were in shock.
Thankfully we avoided a trip to the Hospital because she had a shot of adrenaline with herself, otherwise it would have ended up even worst....
PS: I've also seen droppings close to the food... which disgusted me (YES.
Mice droppings!
)It's a NO NO!
The scones were amazing!
Even if it was crumbly and mashed up, i would still ingest it without a doubt!
Thinking about it still makes me salivate!
I love Bea's.
I've been here before, I even visited few times the branch in St. Paul's.
The quality of the pastries and cakes is superb.
I believe their specialty is the scone, one of the best I have ever tasted (and I've tasted loads).
The place is quite small and cosy, very popular, so I highly advise to book a table in advance.
The staff is quite nice especially the Argentinian guy (the manager?
).
Lovely place and amazing cakes.
Highly recommend!
I went to Bea's for afternoon tea last weekend with my sister.
It was a visit to London and I came across Bea's online and was impressed with the selection and price compared to some afternoon teas in London!
When we arrived we were overjoyed with just how lovely the staff are.
Everyone is super friendly and attentive to the customer's every need.
The staff really do make this place :) The afternoon tea was massive!
We could have done with just ordering one between us because there was so much.
Overall we were pleased with the quality of the food, the scones were to die for!
I wish I had their recipe to make at home haha.
The brioche as some others have mentioned did taste a little on the stale side though they weren't inedible.
Cakes were good, especially the chocolate brownie.
Would definitely go again though next time just get one to share!
Thank you Bea's for making our stay in London that bit more enjoyable.
Needing a break from a lot of walking, Bea's offered a nice reprieve for my feet.
I had a lovely pot of Totanac Vanilla tea and a chocolate and chocolate fudge cupcake.
Both were a nice sweet treat to fuel another few hours of sight seeing.
The cute little cafe down on Theobalds road is worth the journey to go and try if nothing else just one thing.
The red velvet cupcakes!
Yes, I know that trend has been and gone.
Late noughties fad, but these are still the best in town if not anywhere.
Believe me, I have eaten a lot of cake around the world!
So impressed with the care and attention on our visit to the Holborn Bea's yesterday.
Visited with a friend and our daughters and the service was kind and thoughtful, despite how busy it was.
All the staff served us with a smile and joke and the food was delicious.
Keen to return.
Been here quite a few times.
The book she has written is excellent.
Had valentines champagne afternoon tea.
It is pricey.
Very small space, excellent quality ingredients.
Last visit it was quite busy so we left without being served.
Wouldn't go out of my way to visit again.
Expensive , fussy over rated afternoon tea.
Poor service, drinks spilt x2.
Still added full service charge.
Cramped and only one WC(grotty).
Will not be back!
We have been coming here for several years.
I don't know if they have changed ownership or are just cutting corners with inferior ingredients but I can no longer recommend anyone going out of their way to go here sadly.
The cupcakes are now largely tasteless and the frosting owes more to a cheap supermarket cup cake, very oily and synthetic tasting.
The other offerings seem to be average at best.
I have also been here when a customer who had ordered a celebration cake was, to say the least, very unhappy that what they were collecting was inferior to what they had ordered.
If you want a decent cupcake head for a Hummingbird Bakery.
Booking was very easy.
The afternoon tea was nicely presented and there was a wide range of sandwiches and treats.
They re-worked it for us to ensure all the sandwiches were vegetarian which we really appreciated.
My favourite was the hummus and avocado.
The bread was a briochey type - very unusual for sandwiches and it worked delightfully.
Service was great and they topped up our teapots for us.
Would definitely recommend.
Cancelled our booking after they had accepted it and advance payment made.
By that time, other options were booked.
Thanks, Beas.
My friend had organised an afternoon tea at Bea's Tearooom as a nice treat for us before going to the theatre.
The place was very small and compact and we were served with our pots of tea to our choice and a three tier cakestand comprising of little brioche bites filled with delicious savoury fillings which we both enjoyed.
The scones were OK nothing special but warm with accompanying jam and clotted cream.
The final tier had two cupcakes, one chocolate and one plain sponge with creamy toppings (although I noticed the tables next to us had much nicer looking ones, to our left they had lovely pieces of strawberry on top of theirs!
) - the two we had were fairly plain and nondescript.
There were a couple of plain macaroons and then four minuscule bite size cake things - being a chocolate brownie, a marshmallow, and two others which I cannot remember exactly what they were.
So for £26.50 per person, I thought it was overpriced for what we had.
I have had several afternoon teas at various places before which I have enjoyed much more with a much nicer selection of cakes!
I was very disappointed and felt the £53 could have been better spent elsewhere!
Waiting to get into Madame Tussaud's we were looking for a coffee somewhere and found this little place, literally had the best coffee I have ever had and I'm not much of a coffee person but it was silky a smooth and just the best coffee, we also had a croissant to go with and the prices were the cheapest we had in the entire time while in London.
It's a lovely place with very friendly and welcoming staff.
Wanted to go back but didn't have time.
I'd heard so much about this place and it is always recommended in food magazines and websites.
I was in the area and thought I'd take advantage and sample a treat.
The lady behind the counter was friendly so I can't fault her service.
My review is based on the cake.
To be honest nothing on display looked tempting, but I thought, hey it's recommended and never judge a book by its cover.
I asked the server for her recommendations and she suggested the red velvet cupcake (I hate red velvet) so she said the chocolate Guinness cake is 'divine'.
I tried it... It's horrible!
You can't taste the chocolate nor the Guinness!
Even a value brand cake from a supermarket probably tastes better.
Don't think I'll go back to try anything else!
No, not the musical, the prices!
Three teas and a couple of modest cakes set me back sixteen quid.
The layout of this branch is impractical at best; sit beyond the steps and you're bombarded with a non-stop racket from the enormous kitchen which is in full swing behind you.
There are some complimentary bottles of warm tap water but you'd struggle to spot them.
Likewise Bea's delightful business cards on the counter which have a reward mechanic on the back (after nine transactions, you're treated to a free hot drink or cupcake).
Of course, if the staff can't be bothered to hand these out, the less-savvy customers get nowt in return for their loyalty.
Like us.
Waitress seemed friendly enough but didn't appreciate the concept of sharing.
Why would I sit down to eat a slab of cake on my own?
When I asked for more plates and, God forbid, a knife, the comically exaggerated reaction resembled a scene from an HM Bateman cartoon.
Cake boutique?
Give it a miss.
This cute bakery was getting ready to shut down but we had 20 min to enjoy the sumptuous scones and tea.
I wish we had come earlier as this little cafe was charming with nice staff.
Nothing is better than scones with clotted cream and jam.
We split a lot of tea since we were short on time but it was plenty.
Also try the Guiness cake, delicious!
Fund the staff to all be very friendly and helpful.
Chai latte was nice and praline cupcake (recommended by server) was tasty especially the sponge but didn't taste of praline at all.
We were sat downstairs and the noise from the kitchen made it quite tricky to hear conversation but I would visit again.
Unfortunately not in a good way.
Visually the afternoon tea was a sight to behold...well presented and colourful but the taste was something else.
The meringues hard and the cakes bland and very sugary.
Personally I didn't think the Brioche base and savoury toppings worked particularly well.
We booked a table for having afternoon tea here, as it was close to our hotel.
It was around 30 degrees Celsius outside, so obviously we weren't in the mood for a cup of hot tea.
Thankfully they had ice tea, which was tasty!
They served it in plastic cups though, which made it seem a little sloppy considering the high price.
The sandwiches we had were really good, but as my boyfriend doesn't like goat cheese he was given a sandwich with tomato and cheese.
Again, a little sloppy.
The scones and brownies/blondes were all good.
We were offered a jug of water on this very hot day, the problem was that we were given room-temperatured water.
The afternoon tea was good, but the staff could be more attentive and service-minded!
The place has the most rudest waitress.
Most awful experience.
Never have I seen such a ride waitress.
Of course the place was nice and macaroons were really good.
The experience with one waitress ruined the whole thing.
Me and a friend visited the tearoom on Saturday evening.
It was around the time when London Fire dominoes was being set.
As it was raining and we had about 30-40 minutes so we decided to have a quick coffee.
As soon as we went in the lady1 at the entrance stopped us saying they would be closing in 30 minutes.
It was almost like she didn't want us to come in.
Another lady2 at the till was nice enough to say that we can pay at the till and have the coffee inside until it's time to close.
Lady1 seemed very upset and mouthed something to lady2.
We placed our order for a pot of tea, a coffee and cupcakes, and some macaroons to go.
We were given the cupcakes and lady2 said someone will bring it to us.
We were waiting for 15 minutes but the tea did not come.
Instead lady1 came and literally threatened us saying "you have exactly 15 minutes to finish your drink".
We told our drinks haven't been served yet so she responded "I'm closing in 15 minutes".
Then was literally throwing things as she walked past and was yelling at the girls at the kitchen.
Came back uttering something under the breath and again told us she's closing in 10 minutes.
We were finally served when it was 10 minutes to close.
The waitress lady3 served the tea was trying to be nice about her colleagues behaviour and was making some small talks.
Lady 1 came over and cut us through the conversation saying it's closing time and we need to leave.
Very ride person!
After having had the chance to enjoy excellent afternoon teas at various locations around London: I was really looking forward to this place.
It was booked on the recommendation of my friend.
Location and environment: We were seated on a tiny table next to the window, The table was too small to hold all the plates and cutlery.
The decor was dreary and miserable, there were no "teapot" lights as advertised on the website.
There were too many people seated in a small place - and I could not hear myself think- let alone talk to company!
Service: On entering the premises, the lady behind the till shouted at us to ask where we were going!
My friend, had already sat at the table upstairs prior to collecting me - so was that poor memory?
Bearing in mind we have a limited seating time - the waitress served us after 15 minutes of us being seated there.
The wasn't the most appalling thing -no, what made the experience insufferable was that we had to run after the staff in order for them to do small things like change a dirty teacup, provide butter knives or pack cakes.
At other places not one, but 2 waitresses serve you - and you never leave your seat.
Food: Was soooo dissapointed!
On the website you see such choice and sumptuous macaroons, brioches buns with elegant toppings and gorgeous cakes.
What we got wasn't remotely similar.
The brioche buns were slightly stale, were seriously lacking with the toppings and what's worse was that I ordered to have my bun free from ham.
What did I get in it's place?
A piece of tomato and cucumber - when I was told I would get sundried tomato.
Hmmm...The scones and clotted cream were nice.
But, the jam was in a jar - not fresh compote.
There no macaroons - such disillusionment!
Price: It was advertised as £26.50 on the website.
When you get the bill - they add a compulsory £5.75 service charge.
In the cafe they advertise the price for afternoon tea as £29.15.
So you see this is misleading.
Overall opinion: Yes the cakes are nice - but, don't do afternoon tea here!
It's overpriced and certainly not worth sitting in a cramped dank space on a saturday afternoon!
This is a tiny place, and is very popular.
If you want to be sure of a seating for the Full English Tea, it is best to reserve in advance (you can do this online through the shop's website).
Went here for high tea while Visiting family that stay near by, the service was good friendly and fast, we emailed in advance and asked for particulate fillings in the savoury rolls and said it was a birthday tea, the rolls was filled as requested and the put a candle on a cupcake and sang happy birthday good afternoon and want rushed to leave when we where finished our high tea.
Afternoon tea with family, we stayed on the small terrace on the street.
Afternoon tea was lovely.
The place if nice, cozy atmosphere.
We stayed outside because it was sunny but inside looks nice too!
The choice of tea is nice, good quality teas, the pastries are really awesome, especially if you love scones and/or cupcakes!
No hesitation, pay a visit!
We were visiting London from Milwaukee, WI.
We loved our high tea experience at Bea's of Bloomsbury - the Theobalds location!
The atmosphere is casual, but cozy -- a great place for a family with kids.
The staff was wonderful and patient - they took the time to explain everything to the kids.
We have tree nut allergies and gluten intolerances -- they were very accommodating with our food allergies.
Their gluten free bakery is wonderful and there is a nice selection of tea to choose from.
We couldn't finish it all and were able to take the rest home.
We went back later in the week and the manager remembered us.
Our kids said that having high tea at Bea's of Bloomsbury was one of the highlights of their trip to London.
I had the cream tea this morning, which comprised 'two homemade scones, clotted cream, raspberry jam and a pot of tea'.
The scones were just divine, and the tea refills were free of charge.
The service was excellent and I liked the ambiance.
A great cup of green tea and a stunning carrot cake for a business meeting.
The service was very friendly and prices reasonable.
You must book ahead for a tea time as this is a small cafe but well worth it.
Food was excellent and a vegan/vegetarian option is offered as well.
A great selection of teas as well.
Too much for us to eat at one setting so we took sweets home.
Scones are excellent and cupcakes are an added bonus with a variety available.
Service was good.
Reasonable price compared to other restaurants in London.
Would return.
Having previously had great service at the small Farringdon store when my friends wanted to throw a baby shower I suggested we go to the St Pauls venue.
Sadly it was a disappointing experience and one I could not recommend for special occasions or afternoon teas...The food itself was mediocre with the scones being very dry, blondies raw in the middle and cupcakes average.
The unlimited tea was just hot water added to stewed tea bags.
The service whilst individuals were friendly was chaotic and poor.
Tables we're not cleared and we sat for three hours with dirty plates, cups and rubbish.
Boxes were handed out 45mins before we were due to vacate the table to pack up leftovers, no offer of help and again no of the table.
There was also a mix up of the bill when we were charged for two additional people.
This was resolved after the event but at the time the standard answer was to "call head office"Sadly the drama and disappointment was evident on the day and had it not been for wonderful friends and family it would have been a spoilt day by clumsy service and disappointing food.
Don't make the same mistake and book somewhere else.
I wish I'd taken more notice of the other reviews on here.
but I had booked due to the location more than anything.
This is a review for Bea's, St Paul's.
The staff were friendly if a little sloppy, slow and forgetful, but the afternoon tea itself was pretty awful!
Very, very dry mini brioche buns with their tops sliced off and very little filling on top (fillings were tasty but not enough to cover the dry bun).
Scones were good but could have made better myself (rather lopsided!
) and they had forgotten the jam.
Cupcakes had a rather synthetic tasting topping, and little nibbles being brownies etc all rather non-descript.
I've given two stars for the champagne we ordered being nice and cold and the staff being friendly.
As mentioned, I'd booked this due to the convenient location but in hindsight, I should have saved the occasion for a decent London hotel, where the food tends to be fresher with more attention to detail and the service better, with staff taking pride in their work.
This place has a few different gluten-free items which was a delightful surprise!
I was really hankering for a cream tea (scones and jam and traditional cream served with a pot of tea) and was pleasantly surprised to find that I could have gluten-free scones!
They were a tiny bit dry, but otherwise tasty and I don't often expect too much from gluten-free items :) I think it's best to order in advance if you know you're going to go because I went to a second location another day and they didn't have any gluten-free scones prepared already but said they could have them ready for me in about a half hour.
They also full afternoon teas!
"Have you ever heard of a duffin?
You've got to try them - it's a doughnut crossed with a muffin and, trust me, they're the best".
Okay, so when a friend told me that I took the bait.
After all, I love muffins and I'm a sucker for a good doughnut so surely this would be the best of both worlds!
Right?
I arrived early, surprised to see the cafe open already, and ordered a Nutella duffin to go with a tea - a good deal at £2.90.
The snack was generously sized and looked tempting; a chocolate filled muffin, baked and coated in sugar.
However, I couldn't help but feel disappointed when I tucked into it.
The cake was extremely dry, despite the filling, and didn't seem to take the best of anything from either of its parent snacks.
It lacked the moist, softness of a muffin and the spongy, sweetness of a doughnut.
The similarity to either was mostly in appearance.
Still, for as cheap as it was, it wasn't a bad snack, albeit a bit disappointing.
Visited London with friends.
We had pre-booked afternoon tea at Bea's at St Pauls.
On arrival the 1st female waitress told us off & said we had only booked for 3 people when in fact we had the email which confirmed 4.
After being served by the 2nd female waitress who struggled with her english & could not differentiate between what was a coffee & a breakfast tea.
After this she just walked away without taking our hot drinks order.
We were then brought the food.
At this point I will just give you the major issues.
1: Items were missing, 2: One of the blondies was completly raw, 3:The scones were raw in the centre, 4: One of the replacement scones had a hair in it, 5: The refill pot of tea consisted of just hot water added to an old tea bag.
At the point of paying I quietly spoke to the manageress & asked for the 10% service charge to be removed.
She did this, apologised & took a further 20% of the total bill.
At this point I did feel happy that I had received a valued apology until a male australian waiter came right up to me & said "Didn't you like it"?
to which I said not really as there was a hair in one of the scones.
He then replied "Really!
You're full of it you".
The manageress told him to shut up however he persisted to berate me in front of other customers.
In conclusion if you want to eat uncooked food which contains hair & be verbally abused by the waiter then this is the place for you.
Stumbled over this café while on route to bank.
popped in for breakfast which was beautifully prepared and simply wonderful.
Went back later with my husband for lunch and again had great experience finished off with chocolate cupcake and banana slice which were to die for.
Highly recommend this place which is so relaxing and a breath of fresh air to the area.
Love it!
My fiance and I popped in here when we were a bit lost and stressed out and I have to say it was such a good choice!
The choice of sweet treats is amazing!
I only wish I could have tried everything!
We decided to have a couple of macaroons and they were absolutely sublime!
(The raspberry and rose was my personal fave!
) The hot drinks are reasonably priced.
The staff were friendly and polite and the decor was lovely.
Everybody is nice,lovely...the place is very sweet and the cupcakes are Heaven it self...everything is AMAZING!
Bea's is quite a well-known neighbourhood tea place in London.
I was here with a pal about a year ago and at that time, we enjoyed the delightful afternoon tea - bite-size portions of sweet treats as well as scones, sandwiches and tea.
At various other times, I have popped in to buy cupcakes as takeaways.
Today, I was with family.
As there were three ladies, the friendly staff suggested that we order a sweet treats tea set and a cream tea set to share.
Great idea!
Cost us just under £28.
The highlight was the scones!
They were warm, buttery and absolutely delicious!
(We agreed unanimously that they were even better than those we just had at the Fortnum and Mason Diamond Tea Salon!
) The clotted cream was just the right texture and went so well with the jam and scones.
The chocolate cupcake with pistachio cream was also very good - perfectly moist and not too sweet.
One slight observation: the teapot was chipped.
But the place is looking tatty and the coffee is not that great.
Loved the Spanish waitresses though.
Great service.
The afternoon tea is absolutely lovely.
We dropped into the Theobalds road branch without a reservation and they had a free table.
Bea's only take reservations if you order a full afternoon tea(£30).
We ended up ordering an afternoon tea to share between share.
The sandwiches were excellent.
Little brioches filled with tasty fillings - not traditional in any respect.
One scone, one cupcake, and about 6 small bite size 'cakes' (brownie, fudge, meringue, citrus sponge, peanut butter/jelly shortbread, etc ).
The staff were so friendly.
The interior is cute /fun.
It you are looking for a formal afternoon tea, this is not the place - but would recommend highly!
You can find wonderful places for afternoon tea in London and you can also find good places for gluten free cakes and scones.
However, it is rare to find a proper gluten free afternoon tea, complete with sandwiches, cakes and scones.
Bea's of Bloomsbury does exactly that and no-one would know that you have a disease that makes you feel different and having to view everything with suspicion when you eat out.
We were just a mother and daughter enjoying a delicious celebration afternoon tea with a glass of bubbly.
It was all beautifully presented and served with a smile.
Everything tasted fresh and delicious, there was so much that we could not possibly eat it all, but no problem, the rest was packed up in a box for us to take away with us.
The bread for the sandwiches was really tasty and did not fall apart as some GF bread does.
The fillings were inventive and a good start before the sweet things.
Lovely light scones, delectable cakes and everything made by their own bakery, including passion fruit flavoured marshmallows.
The price was very reasonable compared with other places and we were very well looked after.
I would definitely recommend this place.
It is a small venue, so you do have to book, although they will acept walk-ins if there is space.
For special dietary needs it is essential to book 24 hours before, but this is very fuss free.
We visited the branch at St. Paul's and had booked a table in advantage.
However, although seemingly the same ingrediences AS in other places, it did not come up to our expectations in taste: no cucumber sandwiches, but small buns instead.
the staff was nice and the service was Quick.
Booked a table and arrived early, but no problem - our table was quickly organised.
Delicious food, and serving staff very friendly and helpful.
Lovely location right near St Pauls, v.friendly welcome and a nice modern cafe although smaller than I expected.
They have a few menu options and some of us had the gold which came with Prossecco and some just the original with tea.
The cakes, maccaroons and brownies were all lovely and very well presented.
There were cute little rolls with yummy fillings but maybe could have done with a few more.
We paid about £30 a head as they add service charge and charge you more if you have had the prossecco.
Seemed busy and nice atmosphere so i would recomend.
Nice place and excellent service.
It wasn't as fine place as I thought but I cannot complain.
They had very tasty eatable things with tea.
Lovely place for a cup of tea and cake.
I wish they had a better savoury food/cake selection though what I had was great!
We visited Bea's on Sunday and firstly I was shocked at how small it is.
I had been looking at Bea's for a while and the different branches they have and as we were staying in Bloomsbury we decided to visit this one.
But boy, is it small!
It's cramped and claustrophobic.
They fitted us in at a table next to the doorway to the kitchen, which wasn't ideal.
When you look up the ceiling is dirty and grubby from the cooking area and it was generally quite dim in there.
It wasn't bright and cheery anyway!
I had the sweet tea which was £16 and that was ok.
But these afternoon tea type 'deals' are such a rip off for what you get.
The cup cake looked delightful but the sponge was dry.
Definitely a couple of days old.
The mini treats were 3 different types of brownie which was one mouthful each.
The scone was nice though.
But not worth £16.
All in all I was disappointed with the experience, and wont return in a hurry.
The cakes here are simply heavenly!
Moist, not sugary but flavoursome and lots of variety to choose from.
About 15 months ago i took a job at Red Lion Square.
This is one road over, about 5 minutes, from Beas' on Theobolds Road.
I've since spent about £250 on cakes.
Not because they are expensive, they are not - but because they are so damn tasty!
Staff are always friendly, very friendly and welcoming - cakes quality are excellent, especially the Peanut Butter Slice (which is my staple).
Cupcakes are lovely.
Cheese cakes are completely divine.
I go here with my work colleagues (of which this bakery has achieved legendary status between); I've bought cakes for my partner, eaten here with friends and family.
Love it!
I especially love how its open slightly late so I can go for a meal after work and then come in for coffee and cake.
Visiting from USA, was taken to Bea's by cousin Christie ( who lives in London).
wanted us to experience the best Tea House in town.
It was GREAT.
The tea, sandwiches & pastries were excellent!
I booked an afternoon tea for my friends birthday at this place as I didnt have much time to book in advance this was one of the few places available to have some tea on a saturday afternoon in busy London.
We decided to order an afternoon tea GD with champagne for 29.59£ each.
The savoury cakes were delicious and all the cupcakes plus the macarroni were very tasty.
We also had refill of our teas and champagne was really good.
The environment was quite relaxed and chilled out.
We met one of the staff the lovely Heidi she was really friendly.
I was expecting to pay a service charge of 10% but a VAT charge of 9£ was a surprise.
Anyway the tea was great and all the staff was also very kind.
They also offered us a happy st.
George cupcake when we left.
I defo recommend this tearoom.
I was very excited that I stumbled upon one of the Beas of Bloomsbury chain because I have heard good reviews.
The baked goods are average at best; I don't think there was anything special about it for the price that you pay.
We didn't even finish our banana cake or our brownie.
I really like the cakes at Bea's, they are creative / inventive and all taste good!
I am really looking forward to trying their afternoon tea selection.
I made reservations for my husband and I to have Afternoon Tea on a Sunday.
It’s a small place, with cozy tables.
The food was pretty good and we really liked their bourbon tea.
Overall I found it a little pricey, it was a fun experience but next time I think I would just grab a tea.
We tried this place because it was mentioned on Fodor's as one of the best Afternoon Tea places in London.
It turned out to be a disappointing experience for us.
We made an advance booking online for a party of 10.
Upon entry, none of the staff greeted us, so we just found our way to a table with enough seating for us.
We waited for a staff member to approach us, but since none did, one of us finally got up and approached the counter to inform them that we had made an online reservation.
Only then did they come over to our table and take our orders.
Service is definitely MEDIOCRE at best.
Their cakes and scones were better-than-average, but it didn't make up for the POOR service.
Overall a disappointing and forgettable experience.
We had an excellent Afternoon Tea experience last year at another establishment.
We will try another place next time we visit.
It was my first time in London, and my first Tea Party.
I felt like in the movie Alice in Wonderland.
The tea was excellent; I had the healthy one without sugar.
The waitress was unique in kindness and had a natural sense of humor.
She made me feel like at home away from home.
I will go back there.
After reading several good reviews for Bea's we took some friends for afternoon tea.
A very disappointing experience, the selection of savoury brioche buns had clearly been prepared well in advance and were tired and a little stale as were all the scones and cakes.
At £25 a head in London you are entitled to expect fresh sandwiches and cakes.
All four of us were very disappointed and wont be returning.
If you want afternoon tea go to the Wolseley, it costs the same as Bea's but is simply in a different league.
The only positive at Bea's was polite service.
I have been for a few high end Afternoon Teas in London including Claridge's etc.
All very overpriced and slightly mean feeling.
Beas was fantastic, not only is the tea a good £20 less than most the cake is about 100 times as good.
Properly fluffy scones, sticky chocolate cake, fun surprises like berry marshmallows.
Nice, cosy atmosphere.
I couldn't recommend this place enough.
I recently went here for afternoon tea with my fiancée.
The food was fantastic, value for money and the cakes are delicious!
The service was 5 star and accommodated to all my needs and requests throwing in a free birthday cupcake for my partner.
Would definitely recommend and go back again.
For the £24.50 afternoon tea package we got three mini baguette sandwiches, a biscuit with clotted cream and raspberry jam, four varied brownie bites, a raspberry macaroon, and a tiramisu cupcake.
The Egyptian chamomile and peppermint teas were excellent.
The food quality was 4-star worthy though the bread quality and cupcake taste were not on point.
The most striking detractor from the tea was that the bits and pieces of the tea could probably be purchased separately for much less, indeed even at the same place!
The attachment of the name afternoon tea seems to have given the bakery license to jack up the price, and the experience as a whole did not live up to the bill.
I'm sure there are better places to take afternoon tea in terms of both value and quality.
Visited one rainy January afternoon for afternoon tea with a friend, which we booked the evening before online (a very smooth process).
We had the £24.50pp afternoon tea, which included sandwiches, cupcakes, scones with jam and cream, and assorted pastries and brownies, as well as unlimited tea/coffee/hot chocolate.
It was a lot of food and we certainly felt like we got our money's worth!
What we couldn't finish, the girls at the counter kindly wrapped up for us to take home, which was a nice touch.
The tea selection is varied and refills were frequent.
The service was more of the laid-back style, which we appreciated as were were rarely bothered.
The servers were, however, quick to come and help if we needed them.
We did not feel rushed either, as the booked afternoon teas are given 1.5-2hrs/sitting.
Overall, a very pleasant afternoon.
Would recommend you have a light/no lunch before as you will leave very full and very happy!
I had organised to meet a group of friends here for tea and cake with us all coming from various parts of London for the occasion.
I rang ahead to book but they only take bookings for afternoon tea and was told to just turn up for a table.
When we arrived at 4pm I was told in quite a rude tone that no tables were available until 5.30pm so we left.
Due to the location in the city there aren't many good alternatives in the area so I wouldn't bother trying to go here unless you have an afternoon tea booking.
But judging by my conversation with the lady who greeted me don't expect friendly service.
Lovely Tea Room/Coffee shop in Central London but away form the tourists and craziness.
they do lovely cupcakes too.
You know how you go to a place, have your food and then go to the loo and wish you'd seen it first because you wouldn't have eaten there in the first place?
Well, relax, Bea's loos are new, and nice and sparkly clean and if the loos are clean, everything else is.
Daughter had a good portion of cheesecake which was light and creamy and decorated with fresh fruit - gorgeous.
I had the gluten free fairy cake - not because I'm gluten intolerant but because I wanted to see whether it tasted good anyway and it looked very pretty.
It was very good and the topping wasn't sickly sweet.
Two pots of very decent tea.
Pleasant staff.
(Customers - please don't be mean - leave them a tip.
We walked into Bea's on a recommendation and had a cream tea set which was really pleasant.
The scones were marvelous and came with a clotted cream that was delicious!
The icing on the cake (no pun intended)?
One of the guys there surprised us with a box of cupcakes on the house before we we left (perhaps because it was Christmas Eve), which really rounded off the excellent and personal service that they had provided the whole time we were there.
Highly recommended!
This is a gem of a cake shop that serves some very good coffee as well....
The cup cakes are beautiful as is the wider cake selection which you can order to take away for birthdays etc....
A great location in the shadow of St Paul's Cathedral, great atmosphere, great tea, yummy cakes and really nice staff!
OK, we should have perhaps booked.
But often you do things on impulse in London considering the choice people have.
Key point about any customer service experience (especially in the hospitality business) is that first impressions count.
Had a really rude waitress telling us "that table is not in use" when we walked over to it.
This was despite it was clear and didn't have a "reserved" sign on it like the one next to it.
Sorry if we upset or got in the way of your busy afternoon.
We won't be back.
Went here for afternoon tea with visiting guests.
To say we were disappointed would be an understatement.
The sandwiches were bland, cream cheese on every single one and the scones-yuck....
Stale and horrid.
There were none of the sandwiches suitable for a pregnant lady, which would have been fine had the other bits been tasty.
The staff were unsure about if they could provide another one sandwich suitable to eat whilst pregnant and when they eventually decided they could, they came back with a sandwich consisting of dry bread, Branson pickle, tomato and cucumber?
Even the brownies and muffins were dry and tasteless.
The whole experience was a complete let down, culminating in an extremely long wait for the bill.
This place is certainly overpriced and not worth the money!
My advice....
You'd make better afternoon tea yourself at home!
Might be nice as a coffee shop-but should not trade in afternoon tea until it sorts itself out.
Went here as my friend booked a voucher for afternoon tea, and I was looking forward to it as I'd heard of Bea's when I lived nearby.
I probably should've been tipped off by the fact that it looked so run down and shabby when we got there - not what I expected and not at all how it's depicted on their website.
However when the afternoon tea came it looked a whole lot worse - if it hadn't been for the fact that my friend had a voucher I would've just sent it back and gone somewhere else.
The sandwich fillings were bland and uninspired - plain salad with no spread, and then a cream cheese with no other filling apart from a few nuts.
I hadn't eaten all day so was starving, but one of my sandwiches had bread that was raw and doughy.
Then there was the scone, which wasn't even scone shaped, but was also so dry and crumbly I wasn't sure if it was over baked, stale, or just both.
The brownies were the same - they looked dry and unappetising, and we're definitely not fresh despite the staff's insistence.
The meringue was the same - dry, crumbly, bland.
Like chalk.
The cupcake wasn't dry, but had a pasty consistency with over sweet icing.
I made it a point to try a bite of everything but it was so inedible I left it all.
There is no way I would've paid £25 for this tea - I was upset my friend had to pay for this at all.
Although our server was polite and friendly there were no apologies offered or amends made when we made a complaint despite me leaving behind most of my food.
An absolutely dreadful experience, and hands down the worst meal I've had anywhere let alone afternoon tea.
Bea's should be ashamed to serve food like this, and to let customers walk away so unhappy.
It looks like a cute cafe with a nice selection of items but I really didn't enjoy the afternoon tea at all.
Another reviewer liked the focaccia bread sandwiches but personally I did not.
Having that much thick bread before scones, enormous cup cakes and then brownies etc just wasn't a good start - I mostly took the top half off and left it as an open sandwich.
I didn't really like the mozzarella & chutney, parma ham with sliced cheese, soft cheese and walnut fillings either.
The scones were huge and tasty.
No butter provided, a pot of cream and tiny pots of jam (we had to ask for more) and strangely marmalade should you want that.
The cupcakes were too big to attempt - no one in our group did but the cafe provided take-away boxes for those who wanted them.
The top tier of cakes weren't great - there were brownies, blondies, a marshmallow and a small meringue.
Just little chunks piled up that didn't look very enticing after having your fill of mountains of focaccia, scones and cupcakes.
I had Earl Grey tea which was OK, but the second pot / refill - I am sure they just added water to my already-used tea bag as I left it at least 10 mins to steep and it was still like dish-water.
The cafe and toilet facilities are grubby, the toilet seat coming off it's hinges etc - it just could do with a redecoration and some TLC.
The staff were friendly and helpful though they rushed through the descriptions we weren't 100% sure what each item was.
The manager (I guess it was the manager) seemed to come over to my friend unannounced and massage her shoulders.
I know he was trying to be friendly but it wasn't really appropriate, he'd barely said hello to us.
Overall I think this has to be my least favourite afternoon tea ever I'm afraid.
There wasn't anything about it that I actually liked other than the company of friends.
I won't be returning.
A delightful, cosy cafe with excellent coffee, super friendly staff and a great selection of cakes.
Killer brownies and Blondies are particularly delicious!
For lunch they also do a great summer salad with strawberries.
We visited on a Saturday afternoon for a coffee and cake.
It is a lovely cafe but very small.
The upstairs is dedicated to pre-booked afternoon teas so there are only 5 small tables downstairs to serve drop in customers.
The selection of cake is excellent.
We had a chocolate 'duffin' and a cinnamon swirl.
I would recommend both.
The selection of drinks is also very good.
The staff were good ... but they did seem quite rushed.
It had a bit of a hectic feel to it which was a bit of a shame as we stopped in for a breather from a days sight seeing.
