I work for Columbia University, and we reserved the private room for 25 faculty for 2 separate events in January.
First the restaurant has a wonderful ambiance, and the private room is beautifully decorated, intimate and large.
Jeremy handled my event booking, and was quick to respond and thorough.
Dimitri was the manager on duty for both events and he was absolutely fantastic!
Very accommodating and flexible, ensured the set up exactly met our needs and satisfaction, and that we received prompt service- especially that all our guests were properly welcomed and had their coats checked and a drink in hand as quickly as possible.
He even remembered some of our guests’ preferences who had returned for the 2nd event.
Our server Javier and his team was also very attentive and hard-working, and managed our large group very well.
And of course the food was absolutely incredible – I personally had the Penne Pomodoro and the Chicken Paillard, our guests also raved about the Ravioli alla Salvia and Filetto Di Salmone.
The appetizers were a plenty- delicious margherita pizza, calamari, and arugula salad.
Only complaint was- never enough pizza lol!
I have been to several Serafina locations including this one before for regular dinners and always happy with the ambiance, service and food.
But this experience for our private event was absolutely wonderful, left all of our guests extremely happy, and I highly recommend for special occasions, work events, larger groups, etc.
Truly wonderful Italian cuisine.
The white truffle pizza soared!
The avocado salad provided an enticing prelude to the maind courses.
This Italian restaurant is accessible from the Arthouse Hotel.
The food is very average and quite expensive.
The staff was friendly and courteous.
We arrived in New York late and went looking for somewhere to relax, have some good wine and get something good to eat.
This often means settling for less as the good places close.
We arrived at Serafina not long before closing time but we achieved all of our goals.
We each had one main course of excellent food.
The staff were friendly and did not rush us.
The pizza Margherita had a superb tomato sauce and the basil was so fresh that its aroma enveloped our table for two.
The lasagne was also delicious.
It was a large serving that was wonderfully covered with melted cheese.
Our Italian wine by the glass was superb.
We also had fun watching the crowd of both young and old finish their longer sittings.
Everyone seemed to be having fun.
Even the music selections were diverse and interesting.
I've been here several times and it can get a little loud depending on who's eating there, but the food and service make up for it.
We enjoyed the pasta at our most recent visit.
I had the paglia and fieno, which was excellent, and my wife enjoyed the ravioli al porcini.
We'll definitely be back.
Very good attention in the bar, a nice negroni and excellent crostini.
Even enough for dinner.
A little noisy because it was a birthday party for a bunch of teenagers.
But even this detail is a signal that the restaurant is preferred by the neighbours.
We went the breakfast offering because we are staying at the art house hotel.
The breakfast was very and the staff were very attentive!
!
!
The two egg offering with salad and breakfast potatoes was very nice.
I would highly recommend the ricotta pancakes...The price was reasonable and we go back again!
!
!
My husband and I had dinner at Serafina, December 2, prior to a show at the Broadway.
We were seated immediately.
After about 5 minutes, we asked for a table change as the two older women sitting to our right were getting quite loud.
There was no problem and within 2 minutes place settings were set and we were in a quieter corner.
Service was a bit slow at times but not to the point feeling frustrated.
Our starter as tuna tartare.
It was amazing!
One of the best that I have ever eaten.
As an entree, my husband ordered pasta with shrimp and requested additional sauce at the side.
It took about 5 minutes to get the sauce; thank goodness the plats were heated.
He enjoyed.
I had pasta with frutti di mare.
Seafood cooked to perfection and well seasoned.
We will return but not when were have a strict time line to adhere to.
We walked in at 445 on a weeknight and we were asked if we had a reservation.
The restaurant had just opened for the evening and it wasn't full by any means.
They sat us near the wine rack.
I sat on a bench type seating.
The seat was too low for the table so it was a little awkward.
Our waitress had a weird vibe about her.
She wasn't overly attentive or friendly.
The man who brought bread, filled the water, and cleared the plates was very friendly.
I had an awesome brick oven pizza.
It was very good.
My husband had lobster ravioli which he enjoyed.
We were offered coffee and dessert but we declined.
The meal was very filling and we really enjoyed it.
We would come back her again.
I thought the value for the food was good.
We loved our entrees- one bass, one pasta, one chicken- it was good.
Bruchesta was so hard, and a mound of tomatoes- impossible to eat.
We visited this restaurant because our usual was closed.
We thought that the meals were ok but poor value for money!
They offered us bread with olive oil (no balsamic) strange.
The bread was soft and cold!
Not what we were expecting.
Will not return .
My boyfriend and I visited here on our last day in NYC as we were staying in the hotel next door.
We were gutted that we only discovered how lovely Serafina's was on our last day!
The service was quick and efficient, and the food was exceptional.
We both had a pizza with parma ham, tomatoes and egg.
I can honestly say it was the best pizza I've ever had!
I would highly recommend a visit, and don't leave it until last minute!
!
Visited this evening after a rainy day sight seeing as hotel was next door and children were tired.
Started off really well, table service was attentive and topping table water and wineWe ordered calamri and bushette but toast was over done and hard to cut.
Before calamri dish was taken pizza arrived which was spicy sausage and mushroom but struggled to find spicy sausage.
A specials was ordered of fish linguine with a hint if chilli in tomato sauce but came out dry ,no fish taste and no hint of chilli or any heat and very bland and no fish taste which was sent back.
After a long travel to the city, we decided to take a mid-day stop for a light lunch.
We were seated at a table with a strobing ceiling light above.
Despite complaint, no offer to move us or replace the light was ever made.
Should have left, but had heard many reviews of how good the food is and we were tired.
Food indeed was excellent, despite the strobing light.
Enjoyed the carpaccio/truffle and the salmon and tuna tartare very much.
If only the service was near as good.
It was difficult getting anyone's attention even for a drink of water, and when we did, we were told someone else would come.
I'm sorry to say we were not impressed.
The food is good but very expensive.
the price is not justified.
we arrived at 22h, they were open and the service still in progress.
the server was very urgent for the order, just finished eating it comes to get rid and informs us that the kitchen is closed and there will be no dessert.
for the price we would have appreciated a real service, with agrable servers.
We ate breakfast at Serafina each morning during our 6 day stay, and enjoyed it every morning.
The service was wonderful, and the food was delicious and enough to share.
We loved the atmosphere and especially enjoyed Serafina one evening for dinner.
All four dishes we ordered were exceptional.
Wonderful ambience and great food.
I loved the vegetarian plate.
It was delicious.
The staff is responsive and the owners are real gents—gracious and sophisticated.
This is my favorite west side haunt.
Staying in the hotel next door, me and my mum decided to have a small dinner tonight in this restaurant.
We orded a soup and a salad with some foccacia on the side, 2 beers and a glass of red.
When my ruccula salad with cherry tomatoes vig dressing and parmesan shavings arrived, it was nothing more then lots of dry rucola leaves two cherry tomatoes and two parmesan shavings(17$) so I told the waiter that I was quite disappointed and got the answer that I could change the choice of salad.
Till now good service, by the time I got my new salad (more then 10 min waiting) my mum finished her soup, I had to finish my salad alone, which was ok.
When the bill arrived they charged me € 14 for a small draft beer of Peroni beer.
I paid and left.
Later on the trip adviser menu clearly says the price of a draft Perroni beer is 7$ so they charged me double for each beer.
Really feld treaded very bad leaving this restaurant and ruanated my night.
See no need for a busy restaurant to tread people like this.
Nothing really special, I had a decent grilled salmon with extremely good lentils and poorly cooked spinach.
Icy environment, because of the air conditioning but also for the rather cold, detached waiter.
Not a good choice.
visited a couple of occasions on my visit food excellent and great service, resturant attached to our hotel so very convenient.
The sauce was so delicious and plentiful, the noodles perfectly done, the shrimp perfectly cooked.
We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals.
excellent food incredible pizza, great service.
We all had a wonderful time.
I had the paglia and fieno and it was out of this world.
I love going to all of their locations.
The food is always wonderful.
I needed a place nearby with early seating so we could get to theater on time.
Staff ignored us at first.
Food was mediocre at best and was served too quickly.
The food here was really good, the service friendly and the prices reasonable.
Our only complaint was that we felt rushed throughout the whole meal.
The minute we put down our knives and forks down the plate was whisked away, same with water/drinks glasses.
We were in and out in 40 minutes and there were five of us.
Worst service - horrible food.
The eggs were scrambled, but wet and soggy like they were steamed in water.
Nothing else was very good.
The waiter could not be bothered to take care of us.
Never came to the table to see if we wanted more coffee and if everything was okay.
He was able to speak with the other people who worked there.
They were all very busy hanging out at the bar and we were just an annoyance in their space.
A lot of nothing for a very expensive breakfast - with only one cup of coffee.
Food was average, service was poor, had to ask someone to take our order after around 25 minutes, not very friendly.
We were a little concerned based on the Trip Advisor reviews regarding the food and staff.
We did notice however that every morning and evening the restaurant was nearly full of patrons and the meals we observed as we walked by looked fabulous.
We decided to give the restaurant a chance and ate here for both dinner and breakfast and were impressed with the food quality and friendly staff.
We would not hesitate to recommend Serafina to our fellow travellers.
Overpriced and mediocre Lemon and Ricotta pancakes, flat and uninspiring !
Was I expecting too much by looking forward to fluffy american pancakes ?
YUP !
Visited here with work colleagues and had a lovely meal.
We all had a pasta dish, followed by a steak.
Very tasty food and reasonably priced.
Great prices and great food.
I especially like the branzino and the artichoke salad!
There are a handful in NY.
I always go to the one on Broadway UWS ... close to home.
Good stuff and fast service!
We were warmly greeted upon entering.
Our server, Christopher was very friendly and attentive.
The coffee was excellent.
They know how to poach an egg medium and the bacon was crispy yet not burned.
When for Friday night dinner with friends.
Service was robotic and fake friendly.
The server was forgetful and aloof.
Meals were OK but nothing to write home about.
It was the service that will not see me going back.
I have frequented this restaurant for lunches or a late afternoon quick glass of red wine during their happy hour with a friend.
The wait staff and bartender are always extremely professional, warm and extremely welcoming.
They will let you sit and enjoy yourselves; you will never feel rushed or hurried.
It is a very relaxing atmosphere and the food is enjoyable and well prepared.
A lovely place to take in a lunch or quick glass of wine with a friend or multiple friends.
We enjoyed one breakfast here as our hotel was nearby....
delicious lemon ricotta pancakes....
they are open for other meals but we ran out of time....
The food was tasty and a good selection.
But the male servers were all rude.
Nice size restaurant with booths.
Check prices in website as I think the ones on trip advisor are out of date.
Went here with a friend prior to a show at the Beacon.
Got seated and the place wasn't overly crowded.
Took way too long for someone to come over to the table.
So much so that we were all set to go somewhere else.
Anyway, we both went with the three-course pre show menu.
My minestrone soup was very watery, flavorless and under seasoned.
My friend's calamari was adequate but the dipping sauce was exceptional.
My entree of baked salmon over spinach and lentils was perfectly done and delicious.
The Bolognese also looked fantastic.
Both were bigger portions than expected.
Desserts of tiramisu and mousse were both presented artfully, delicious and, again, bigger portions than expected.
A nice sidewalk café and restaurant.
Expensive, but then again where in Manhattan has it been reasonable?
Service is OK.
I went to Serafina to dine with a friend running in the marathon the next day to "carbo-load".
Had to make a reservation, and still had to wait a few more minutes for a table.
We did get a nice booth near the bar.
Service was quick to provide water, and asked if we wanted bread.
After looking over the menu, and placing them on the table, it took an unusual length of time for the waiter to return to take our order.
The place was busy, but I didn't think it was that busy.
The drink was tasty, but way too much ice.
After our first time we came back every day to this cosy place.
There is choice for every taste and the portions a big enough to satisfy anybody.
We came in a little after lunch and there was no wait.
We were greeted right away by the bartender who sat us and noticed that we had luggage with us and asked us if we wanted to store if in the corner so we didn't have to drag it through the restaurant which I thought was nice.
The server came over and we gave our drink order and waited.
The water came right away by the busboy.
The drinks finally came, diet coke (small bottle and an ice tea [never offered a refill]).
We ordered a side salad and our main dishes which were a Bolognese and spaghetti with tomato sauce.
The side salad was delicious and the dressing that they mixed in with the fresh greens was perfect.
The salad I swear they went outside and grew it and picked it.
Never had a salad take that long to get to the table.
The main dishes came out after we finished our salads and we were offered parm cheese and fresh cracked pepper.
The dishes weren't too bad.
Nothing great, nothing bad.
They do have some soft music playing in the background as you wait, wait and wait.
They do offer you fresh bread and butter as you wait.
The bathroom is in back of bar area and down a steep flight of stairs.
There are three bathrooms downstairs.
Lunch took about an hour and half, so if you are on a time schedule you may want to try somewhere else.
If you have time to kill then stop by and try the good food.
The service was okay, not real engaging and the staff seemed to stand around when they weren't with tables.
Did see the manager walk around talking with staff but never came over to check on us.
This place is okay but I will try other restaurants in the area.
We stayed at the adjacent Arthouse Hotel so ate dinner here and also got takeout.
The staff was very friendly and attentive.
The shrimp pasta was excellent and spaghetti with meat sauce average.
The minestrone soup was basically broth with a few carrots, celery and cabbage, and was a small portion.
The chocolate mousse cake dessert was excellent and came with a dollop of vanilla gelato.
Ate here early on a Saturday night before a concert.
The service was really good, and the pasta dishes were outstanding.
Fairly priced for a restaurant in its location.
Great restaurant/bar.
This is attached to the Arthouse Hotel and we needed breakfast in a hurry so we went in spite of the reviews.
My bad.
It took about 25 minutes to get our coffee.
I actually thought our waiter forgot about the coffee so I approached him and he said "No I didn't forget, he is making it now".
(The place was not crowded by any means) The food was mediocre and the breakfast menu limited.
I would not come here for breakfast again.
I saw a good review of their ravioli.
Maybe I'd try that if I was pressed for time again, but breakfast is not their thing.
I would think being attached to the hotel (there is actually a door from the inside of the hotel into the restaurant as well as a street entrance) that someone could make a killing here if the food and service were upgraded.
I eat there twice.
First time got chicken parm which as extremely big and should have shred it.
The ceasar salad was nothing special and costly.
Next time I got artichoke app and wouldn't recommend it.
It is chopped up pieces and some cheese for $19.
Very small amount.
I also got the Bolognese which was too sweet and not enough meat.
I asked for a side of pasta but was told they do not sell it this way.
our group stopped in for coffee and we all enjoyed it.
The staff were helpful with what to do in new york.
While Serafina is mostly known for its good Pizza, this relatively modestly priced place serves up a good brunch.
Service is OK if not stellar or effusive.
I had the Eggs Benedict which was fine.
Eggs were prepared well and the salad vinaigrette on the side was excellent.
Serving was generous.
No reason to bypass this place, but there are just so many other great food options in this part of town.
Food, ambiance, service always top notch!
We love it at Serafina!
!
!
Second New Years Eve It is our new traditionHappy New Year!
!
!
!
Had dinner.
Food Ok.
Its busy so you expect some noise.
But the waiters run around like headless chickens.
Empty plates are thrown into a container under a counter.
The crashing is continuous and ruins what little ambiance the place may have.
We ate here twice.
I’m on a low carb diet so I ordered the spaghetti squash which was good.
We were seated and served right away.
Wish the salads weren’t so pricey but overall good.
We were immediately seated at a lovely candle-lit table for 4 for dinner - reservations probably advisable, although we were seated quickly at 7 pm.
We ordered 2 different pasta dishes with Lobster - the Ravioli and Spaghetti - both were cooked al-dente to perfection.
Our server recommended the Chianti Riserva, which paired lovely.
Our guests enjoyed the Gnocchi Bolognese and Veal Scaloppine which was also given high marks with the Montepulciano.
Though we were well satisfied, the dessert menu was hard to pass - Creme Brule an ample serve to share for 2.
The decaf cappuccino capped the evening.
Our server was attentive, though not hovering.
A deightful experience!
We ordered the Salmon with spinach and risotto With mushrooms.
The dinner was great the food tasted great the service was great and highly recommended !
!
!
Arrived in New York on Saturday night, some of our familiar spots were full, wandered into Serafina on the Upper west side, and we were sp pleasantly surprised!
!
Everything from our drinks (Naked Martini and an Amazing Manhattan) to our salads, to the “Most incredible Rigatoni” we’ve ever had was fabulous!
The server was fantastic, we’ll be back!
!
There were lots of families enjoying the fantastic food and service, so if you’re looking for a quiet/intimate dinning experience, you might want to make another choice, but if you’re looking for top quality, reasonably priced Italian, stop in at Serafina!
Picked this restaurant because it had huge menu with good choices for pizza, pasta, meat and fish dishes.
We were three and had raviolis and pizza with a good cheese salad to start but we could have chosen many other dishes It was Monday, so restaurant was not too crowded.
Food was fine and service friendly.
All in all, it was a good choice because of the choices and quality of the dishes.
This is not a hidden gem, but a well known restaurant with several places in NYC.
Picked this restaurant due to proximity to the Beacon Theater.
We were quite pleased.
Seated promptly, orders taken and served on time.
Black truffle ravioli was delicious.
Restaurant was hectic and noisy but this added to the buzz.
Will return next time we visit the Beacon.
Our table was booked at 7.15pm, we were seated only after 8.00pm.
The menu was fixed and still we were served after 8.30.
Food was not good and not suitable to people which was running a marathon the day after (fried calamari!
!
!
)Manager on duty had the situation totally out of control and it was very unpleased.
Price came out to be 76USD for 2 slices of pizza and a plate of overcooked pasta.
Went to Serafina with reservations for 6 after a movie.
When the reservation was made, no indication was communicated that they require a $55 minimum per person, and you can only order from the very limited pre fixe menu.
The normal menu is huge, and we all wanted to go here for the large and delicious selection.
We asked to speak to the manager (which we hate to do), and he said the regular menu can only be accessed for parties of 5 or less.
Guess the workaround is showing up in 2 groups of 3.
Left here and went to Patsy’s and spent $60 each.
The money wasn’t the issue at all, since we knew we’d each spend around $50/60 anyway, it was the menu was just so damn limited.
SARAFINA is a local branch of a chain of Italian restaurants in Manhattan.
I think there are nine of them.
Never ate there before, but were looking for a Sunday brunch place we had not been to in our neighborhood.
They have outside seating, but it was too cool for that yesterday.
Our 11 AM appointment was a good choice: it began to fill up as we were finishing.
Many families!
Nice atmosphere, good service, maybe a bit pricey compared to a similar (but not as detailed) brunch at Viande Cafe, three blocks south, but I am not complaining.
We had the "Fabulous" scrambled eggs, the smoked salmon Benedict, the avocado toast, and the lemon ricotta pancakes.
Drinks were not refilled, so if you crave endless Mimosas, seek elsewhere.
Coffee was graciously replenished, though.
The Bloody Mary seemed small, but packed a punch.
As there were six of us, the tip was calculated at 20% and included in the bill.
Since that is what we usually tip, no complaints, but you do have to be aware.
Service is just bad.
Food is below average.
Service is totally indifferent.
Mediocrity at best.
Slow, tardy and inattentive service.
Number of items missing from the menu.
Mediocre flavors.
Not worth the money or the time.
Dish quality is variable.
You can do reasonably well with common dishes, such as calamari or the rigatoni bolognese [which is quite good]; but other dishes, especially the pizza are forgetable.
Moderately priced.
Saturday early evening and the place was packed.
Fortunately we only had to wait a minute or two for a table.
There were tables available outside, but it was too cool for me.
We were quickly given water and a menu and asked if we wanted drinks.
We were also asked if we wanted bread which was served with olive oil.
When our meals arrived , they were delicious The portions are satisfying, but not enough to share or take home.
Cost was moderate to high.
Avoid sitting by the back door.
Patrons leaving that way can not help but to bank into your chair which is annoying.
In spite of the cost, I would probably return.
I ate here when staying at the NYLO.
The restaurant is connected to the hotel.
An interesting and varied menu.
Somewhat pricey, but this IS New York.
We enjoyed 3 meals at Serafina last weekend (August 2018).
Great service, very nice selection of Italian food, sidewalk cafe-style ambience.
Highly recommended!
Our family wandered into this place for brunch on a weekend.
We were told that the outdoor patio did not open until 11:00 AM, although they did get us seat immediately at an inside table.
From there, everything was WONDERFUL.
(I cannot the negative comments on this listing....
it's almost as though we were eating at a different restaurant.
) We all really enjoyed our brunch selections.
I ordered an AMAZING dish of lemon ricotta pancakes that were out of this world.
They didn't require ANY syrup at all, they were that good.
They came with a few berries on top; the raspberries were the same size as most strawberries!
Plus, service was fast and friendly.
I loved my meal here and would gladly recommend it to anyone.
Average food but bad service and rude staff and management.
In NY where there at so many great Italian restaurants don’t wast your time and money.
I got a chicken salad sandwich at the coffee shop end of Serafina and could not eat more than a bite.
The bread was extremely stale and the chicken salad was drowning in mayonnaise with no other flavor.
$8 and it went straight into the garbage.
The food is not great and in a city full of incredible food why settle for anything less than great.
I stayed at the adjacent Nylo Hotel and used this place once for breakfast.
The service was hopeless.
We started as two and within 10 minutes a third colleague joined us.
This small change to the table seemed to upset the delicate equilibrium within the serving staff’s karma.
The whole order process, getting some coffee and juice thereafter was a disaster.
Wrong orders, things missed, a complete farce.
I wouldn’t go back.
Stayed at the NYLO for four nights and dined at Serafina's on our first night and our last night.
We loved the atmosphere, very welcoming and accommodating.
Their garden salad was so delicious, the dressing kissed the greens...super fresh, it tasted as if the veggies were freshly picked from a garden!
On the first evening I had the penne pompodoro and on the last evening I ordered the lobster ravioli.
Both main dishes were flavorful.
The sauces and freshly prepared pasta were exceptional.
If you go... request to have Jose' as your server.
He is an extraordinary waiter.
I ordered the ravioli porcini, another had the lobster ravioli and a child had the organic chicken breast with fries from the children’s menu.
We had the calamari as an appetizer and usually when served as rings, I think “frozen” bland calamari but this wasn’t the case at all.
The calamari was tasty and I’d recommend it.
The ravioli porcini was a little salty and the lobster ravioli was savory and delicious.
Very nice staff, and no wait for a table.
The pizza was good, but the restaurant was very loud.
A solid choice for Italian food on the Upper West Side of NYC.
Enjoyed a delicious dinner with our family.
We were promptly served by a very nice staff.
Nice atmosphere next to the NYLO Hotel.
Food is very tasty!
Serafina is adjacent to the NYLO hotel and proved to be a very convenient place for breakfast.
It is very reasonably priced for a good-sized and enjoyable breakfast.
Very good Italian pizza (probably cooked in a wood fired oven), exactly what an authentic Italian customer appreciates.
Nice place, friendly atmosphere.
went here for an early brunch one Saturday morning with 2 friends.
we were hungry after a night of going out and wanted a good brunch and came across here.
we quickly looked at their brunch menu and just sat down.
we were all not very satisfied with our meals.
the 'breakfast' menu wasn't very vast.
there were some things we asked for on the 'brunch' menu, but they said they didn't serve them during breakfast time... we were only there within an hour-2 hours before 'brunch' menu time started.
we didn't make any crazy requests...we ended up finding things to ordered that tasted good!
the food really didn't taste bad, but the service wasn't great, the portions weren't typically as large as other places (especially in nyc) and our choices weren't that vast.
i wouldn't be against coming back here for dinner or a different meal, but we weren't that satisfied overall.
I eat there twice.
Firstly I ordered to the room in a Nylo Hotel.
Pizza was very good.
Delivery approx 40 minutes.
Few days later I ordered pasta, which was also without any objection.
You can seat outside also and look at the City.
I don't understand the appeal of this place.
Decor is fine, food is average at best, service is poor.
I had the Rigatoni Alla Bolognese, pasta not cooked properly and meat sauce was so so, all for $21.
Waiter was unfriendly and aggressive to get our drink orders.
After the meal he ignored us.
The only highlight for me was the wine, but I can get that at home.
We definitely won't be coming back here!
Sat at a great table by the open windows.
The decor is pleasant and cozy.
The food and service was good but it had the feel of a chain sort of like a Macaroni Grill especially when the food came out so fast and looked so perfect.
I was eyeing the next table who had pizza and it looked good.
It was a good place to go because it was right across the street from our hotel.
It was one of the fastest dining experiences I have ever had.
We all had pasta dishes and they were enjoyed by all.
We recently stopped in for dinner.
Although we did not have reservations they redily and pleasantly accomondated us.
The filet mignon salad was excelletnt in that the meat was tender and the serving ample.
Breakfast was OK.
Service was poor.
The toast came out at least 5 minutes after the eggs and was cold.
Took too long (for me) to get the first cup of coffee.
Husband and I had dinner on a Sunday evening and were a bit disappointed.
Food was ok, service was a bit slow.
Close to our hotel (Bellclaire) and we ate breakfast there twice.
God food, good service, close to where we were staying.
Had breakfast and a pizza, restaurant was downstairs from the hotel I stayed at, good service and nice atmosphere.
Very convenient if you are staying in the area.
The wine list is a little lackluster.
The pizza was fairly good.
I like it for a light dinner (salad, pizza), but I would not plump for the entrees.
They look overpriced and underprepared.
Ordered Eggs Benedict, my favorite; prompt service, good view of Broadway & people, & food very good.
Wife ordered granola & fruit plate; also good.
Had breakfast here as was in a rush .
The soft boiled eggs arrived as hard boiled eggs and quite cold.
The eggs came in gravy dispensers, asked for a spoon to eat the eggs in the sheen, i was given a soup spoon .
Bill came wrong , charges for something not ordered .
We had reservations for 8 and were seated on time.
We had a party of 8 and were cerebrating my sons engagement.
We all placed our order, our waitress confirmed each order.
Six members of our party received their food, one member of our party received the wron g food and the waitress proceeded to tell him it was what he ordered.
He ordered Spaghetti w/ meat sauce and received Spaghetti w/ clams.
My order never came.
We asked about it and were repeatedly told its on the way.
30 minutes after our party finished their meals, not received their meals, my dinner and the Spaghetti w/meat sauce arrived.
The Spaghetti was nice and warm and my order was cool.
The taste was good and the service was very lacking.
We never even received an apology.
We were kind and still left a good tip,unearned but nevertheless paid.
Probably would not recommend this restaurant again even though the food was tasty, the service was not for the price charged.
We paid $150 for 4 people before tip.
A friend and I enjoyed a delicious lunch here.
Our server, Massimo, was terrific.
We split a mushroom pizza and chicken salad.
Both were delicious.
I recommend the place.
Went to Serafina as our last restaurant in the city before heading back home.
Was absolutely amazed by the flavor of the food.
Everything was perfect.
The flavor, the presentation, the temperature of the food.
I highly recommend.
The service was very slow and our party of seven was the only table sat at the time.
The waiter came to take our order 15 minutes after we were seated and realized we had not been given menus.
Some of the food arrived cold, like French toast, eggs Benedict and the (so so) ricotta pancakes.
The French toast tasted awful.
The bacon had been sitting around a while.
Coffee didn’t fill the small cup and refills were hard to come by.
The waiter presented the bill and then realized he made a mistake and we sat and sat.
Not a good start to the day.
The only plus is that you can enter directly from the adjacent hotel without going outside if the weather is bad.
Traveling with a 2 year old is tricky...this spot was perfect for our party of 7.
Ordered pizza's and pasta along with Calamari and everything was delicious!
Waiter was a little gruff to begin with but eventually warmed up to us.
Bow tie pasta with lemon shrimp hit the spot....
would eat here again!
We recently visited Serafina and it did not live up to the hype.
The service was not all that courteous and the food and drinks were a bit pricey for what you were served.
Loved the hotel it is attached to but not impressed with the restaurant.
Parking across the street on a Sunday at 2 pm and intending to walk to another restaurant we were so glad that we stumbled onto this find for a wonderful brunch of sunnyside eggs, cheese crusted asparagus, greens, and home fried potatoes at a reasonable price ($13).
My only complaint, an order of toast was extra and I have never seen eggs not come with toast.
I reviewed this venue a few years back for lunch and based on my recollection and a friends recommendation decided to try it again with the family for dinner.
Sorry to say this visit didn't live up to my expectations.
One of the entrees was cold and had to be returned, so the rest of us were done with our meal by the time the hot lasagna made it back to the table.
Two of us had the rigatoni bolognese and were very unimpressed.
The pizza was good.
This gets a "just okay" review especially considering it was a $44/pp bill.
We were staying at the adjoining NYLO hotel and decided to eat here as the snow came down and not venture far.
The place was heaving, but we got an awkward table where we blocked in another table.
Not ideal.
However the pizza I had was amazing and highly recommended.
Service was not bad but could have been better.
Food definitely recommended!
We had breakfasts as part of the package in NYLO hotel.
The servings were large, the service good.
The waiters friendly.
Delicious salmon and poached eggs.
We enjoyed a wonderful Christmas dinner.
Service was excellent and pastas and pizzas were great.
Good selection of wines.
We had a great visit.
We stayed at the NYLO last night and ate breakfast here out of convenience.
We weren’t looking for anything special and were pleasantly surprised by our experience.
Coffee and service were good.
We split the avocado toast and lemon ricotta pancakes and both were flavorful and delicious.
My husband and I had a quick lunch here and the service was outstanding.
My husband had the meatballs and I had a taste...they were fantastic.
The bread with olive oil was a nice addition even if it wasn’t on my diet.
We had a quick bowl of soup when we arrived, then returned for a wonderful dinner.
The staff was friendly, and had no problem with our just having that bowl of minestrone for lunch, no drinks, and they didn't stint on their wonderful bread with peppery olive oil to dunk it in.
For dinner, the fish was moist and the ravioli just the right al dente.
The service was exceptionally attentive.
Three persons attended to us, but it was after the usual lunch hours and quite empty.
There was no separate luncheon menu.
It had many appealing items so a decision was tough.
I ordered my favorite pizza, the quatro (4) stagione, which is not often found.
It came different from the menu description, with a thick tuft of arugula in one of the quarters.
I like arugula but didn't think it fit there.
The pizza at the rim was very hard to cut with the very big knife and fork, so I tried to pick up a wedge, only to find the tip much too floppy and drippy to hold.
The prosciutto was cut too thick to bite off.
The pizza itself was very tasty but awkwardly difficult to eat.
Also, the oversized knife and fork also kept falling off the plate.
My dining companion ordered the crostini appetizer and fared much better, although the prosciutto there was too thickly sliced as well.
4 of us were staying in the area, 1st time visit to New York.
Having had a busy day we decided on Italian for the night.
It looked nice from the outside.
We ordered 4 different meals and although nice the service was slow and the waiting staff not that bothered.
The table in front of us, a couple, waited 10 minutes for their bill and had to ask the busboy to get the waitress.
Food was okay, not exceptional.
We stayed at the NYLO and went here for Sunday brunch.
It took 25 min for a plain cup of coffee to arrive.
The two lattes we ordered were lukewarm, sent back, then lukewarm again.
The toast under the avocado toast dish was cold and stale.
There is a salt shaker on the table, but no pepper shakers on any table- bizarre.
Food was okay, but service poor with disinterested waitstaff.
Go somewhere better.
Stayed at hotel at the NYLO so loved here for brunch and dinner.
Food was delicious loved the gnocchi and pasta.
Had a child with us and the staff was so accommodating, we even needed a bottle heated and they used the the espresso machine, just love this place!
The food was amazing, the wine list is very good, the atmosphere also very nice, however the service was horrible.
After the first dish they took our utensils away.
When they with the main dishes, we had to ask 3 different people to get utensils to eat, and 3 out of the 5 people had pasta, we had to ask 3 times for the parmigiana cheese and spicy oil.
This was my third visit to this chain of very nice restaurants.
Atmosphere is great.
The servers are pleasant and attentive.
The pizza that they serve as either meal or app is delicious.
Their pasta dishes are terrific.
Stayed at the NYLO (in the same building), and received free breakfast coupons for the duration of our stay.
Food was average, service was OK (took forever to get our bill for any extras not included in the coupon).
It seemed that it was mostly hotel guests were there for breakfast.
I likely would not go here for breakfast if I did not have the coupon (lots of diners nearby that seemed to always be busy - usually a good sign).
Walk in reservation.
35 minutes wait.
Went next door for drink.
Back in 25 minutes.
Hostess was super annoyed.
I called you, you weren’t here.
Rolled her eyes.
Really!
Waited another 20 minutes with two more eye rolls.
Horrible attitude.
Waiter was average.
Food average at best.
Italian style restaurant , we visited for breakfast.
I had the two egs, potatoes and salad.
My spouse had the eggs with Salmon and salad.
We both thought it was really good.
Service was good.
We visited Serafina about 10 years ago and was impressed with the fresh quality ingredients.
So we wanted to return and take our 3 children there.
They have moved to the building next door and am afraid they left the good food there.
The food now is bland and tasteless, was left disappointed and hungry.
Won’t return as there are far too many other restaurants that have better quality food.
Had breakfast as part of hotel package--service was inconsistent and indifferent as was the food.
Good coffee, though, and certainly convenient if staying at NYLO hotel.
Our party of four had a very enjoyable meal there.
We had the vegetarian platter, veal scallopine, salmon and spinach crepes.
We all enjoyed our meals very much and we had the opportunity to sit near one of the open patio windows on a warm night in NY.
Highly recommended!
While visiting NYC with family we have decided to have lunch at this restaurant as it was close to the hotel we were staying.
We had breakfast vouchers from the adjoining hotel.
The eggs Benedict with salmon was served on an English muffin with home fries and lettuce...the Hollandaise sauce was cold but the fries were good.
The 2nd day we asked for bagels instead of muffins.......
.
the bagels cost us an additional $3.00 each!
One day I asked for a cheaper breakfast of plain yogurt and a bowl of fruit instead of eggs or pancakes.
Nope, no substitutions!
!
!
We had similar experience as some other reviewers with regards to their level of service (more the lack of it) during breakfast time.
We had 4-5x breakfasts during our week stay at the next door hotel, and one thing you can make sure from this establishment is the consistency of how slow and inattentive their staff is.
You had to be extremely assertive to even get the staff to take your order and super patience waiting for anything to be delivered to your table.
To give you some idea, one morning they served us the pancakes without the syrup, so we had to make several attempts just to get the staff attention, ask for it, and wait again until they were back with the syrup jar.
By this time the pancakes were already cold!
From our observation, it is not because they are too busy or understaffed, but it looks like the place is full of unhappy staff.
What a pity, considering their ideal location.
Final note, this review is only with regards to Upper West Serafina at 2178 Broadway.
We had been to other Serafina restaurant and experienced an excellent service.
Good food, but staff could have appeared happier, not one “Goodnight” or “Thank you” as we left.
Should not have tipped as much as we did.
We stayed at the attached NYLO Hotel and decided to have breakfast one morning.
The restaurant filled up very quickly, and the staff found themselves quickly outnumbered, but everyone kept a smile on their faces and were able to work through it.
The Eggs Benedict and homefries were very good, and the coffee was very nice.
Very convenient being attached to the hotel, and well-priced for the area.
Just steps from the hotel, had an excellent lox and scrambled eggs dish, rye toast, sausage side and coffee.
Good prices and ambiance.
Good food but not that good value.
Had pasta, perhaps the pizza is better.
Ok service.
Good for outdoor seating.
Way too cramped, I do not like eating where I do not even have space to fit in between the table next to me, very dissapointing, sitting right on top of people.
Bathrooms were not very clean.
But food was good.
Chicken parmigiana special was delicious really large portion and very very good.
Service was not bad as well, not sure I would return because of the cramped issue amd bathrooms.
We met someone for lunch after checking into the NYLO hotel attached.
Large and varied menu.
Service was fine.
2 of our party shar ed a chicken panini, the other had an egg white omelet.
Food was good, attractively served.
Nice atmosphere.
Cocktails available.
Would drop in again if in the neighborhood.
When I first arrived at this place it wawed me.
The service was welcoming, the atmosphere was light, cozy, and Chic.
After that , the food was delicious, drinks ok ( not amazing just ok).
However, when I went tot he restroom it was dirty, sticky, and the sink from the washbasin was overflowing.
Given the fact that I went that before mid day I assume that the place had not been packed yet and it was like this since the day before.
So, all the good feelings and nice perception i had vanished away.
However, this kind of things can be repaired and I believe this places have potentials.
So, still recommend it.
Took the day off for a mani pedi and hair cut.
Came here for brunch in between appointments.
Had an excellent brunch of egg white frittata with asparagus and greens surrounded by a ring of spicy red dipping sauce...to which i sprinkled a side order of bacon and paired with peroni from draft.
It was very satisfying and enjoyable solo brunch.
Had a Pizza Margarita with pepperoni.
It was not populated at 2:00 pm and service were fast.
One thing you should always give your customers is the selection of spices and/or side orders.
The crust were great but the rest were no special.
Beside my pizza and my glass of water there was nothing else on the table!
Not good enough.
The staff were great though.
Excellent fast food Italian Bistro, broad menu.
Salmon cooked to perfection.
Lobster ravioli light flavorsome with delicious sauce.
Since Serafina is located next door to the hotel we stayed in, it seemed natural to stop in there for a meal, and we had a late breakfast.
The place is in a nice location and is bright and airy.
Once seated, we waited over 15 minutes for anyone to come to our table to take an order.
We got toast and coffee within 5 minutes.
We waited over 30 minutes for the rest...our eggs, which were lukewarm.
No one ever came back to see if we were Ok or needed more coffee or anything.
We had to go up ask the cashier for our check.
THIS PLACE IS TERRIBLE.
They have no concept of service.
Don't waste your time or money here.
Go somewhere else in NYC for breakfast or lunch.
This place is miserable.
We've had a few breakfast and dinners at Serafina while staying at the NYLO over the past few years.
The food is delicious and consistent.
Great wait staff too.
The restaurant is located in NYLO hotel.
We stayed at the hotel and only had Breakfast at this restaurant so the review is based on that.
THe service was extremely slow and very bad.
Our BF was included as part of our stay and it seems that the restaurant does not like that at all as you receive very bad attitude specially from the female manager who thinks that it costs money to smile.
The service was slow as they seemed short staffed, The food was ok at best.
The BF package as part of the stay limits you to only a handful of items that you can pick from the menu.
We never received toasts with our food.
First day we asked, we were told that the toaster is closed (They closed the toaster at 11:00am).
Not sure what closing the toaster means but we did not argue.
Next day we asked, they said the toast is coming but it never arrived.
I'm not sure why I like this place.
It's not the great Italian fine dining that I have come to know all over the world.
But it is good food, great ambiance, the staff is smart and attentive.
It is lots of fun and open late.
Serafina is so New York even though you might see a lot of tourist.
I believe that's because it is attached to the NYLO Hotel and the Beacon Theater is down th block.
It is great for groups and the bar kicks butt.
I'd recommend this place to anyone, all the time.
The best.
cause its kind of New York Italian.
Not the real haute cuisine of fine Italian dining.
But it is the but it is certainly good eating.
NYLO gave us vouchers toward breakfast.
Food was excellent and service very good.
We went every day we stayed at the hotel and were never disappointed.
Seems to be popular with locals as well, and very popular for lunch/dinner which we did not try.
Highly recommended!
The menu is diverse with many options, all at a reasonable price.
The service was fantastic.
We had to get to a show and they checked us out very quickly so we were able to make it.
Definitely recommend for anyone who likes Italian food.
It's a good place if you want to eat a nice pizza (with very thin dough) or other Italian food.
I have had better meals in the past, but this time, just felt like Serafina is now lacking and overpriced.
We had a group of four having dinner before a show.
The food was ok but nothing outstanding enough for me to want to come back, the atmosphere was not so good (very little attention to us, curt interactions, made us feel like we were intruding on them, nothing to make it remarkable).
I had eaten at Bettola (a few bocks away) two nights before and really wished I had gone back there where both the drinks and food were better.
With so many good places around, seems to me this restaurant only survives because of it's location (
Chosen because it's downstairs from NYLO.
High point was easily getting a table outside; downhill from there.
The insalata was the most interesting part.
I had the veal scaloppine -- veal was decent but the "rosemary roasted potatoes" were bland home fries and the broccoli was very lightly steamed with no attempt to dress it up at all.
We also had the porcini risotto, which was far more crimini than porcini and generally uninspired.
Margherita pizza seemed bland as well.
Our trainee waitress was very nice but disappeared 1/3 of the way through the meal and we were picked up by a couple of other servers with no explanation.
For the price tag, even for UWS, this was a disappointing meal.
Would not return.
When you go to Serafina you will get very decent quality Italian offerings.
Nice thin crust pizza, everything you expect from a casual eatery.
If you expect Michelin quality go to Marea's .
Service was fine.
No complaints and will be back .
Nice place to sit outside and enjoy the neighborhood.
The service was slow and the food was average.
Not somewhere I would recommend unless you really want to experience the atmosphere.
Beautiful day so we thought we would dine outside and enjoy some wonderful New York pizza.
Service was ok, not great.
Had to keep reminding the waiter about our drinks.
Pizza arrived and the toppings were sliding off the crust.
Had to use a fork to be able to keep the topping and crust together.
I was not impressed.
How can you mess up pizza?
Nice Sunday brunch on sidewalk in the shade.
Delicious food, but really really slow service.
Needed to repeatedly remind waiter to bring coffee, check and certain items on order got forgotten altogether.
Small quaint setting with outdoor seating an option.
This was nice setting and offered a gluten free pasta with several of the menu options.
Plenty of food and the cheese cake was awesome.
We had great service with many questions and suggestions by waitress.
Would definitely recommend.
Went for breakfast.
food average, asked for salt and had to wait 10min until they found some, from the attached hotel I believe, NO TOAST with eggs for breakfast!
!
!
Indifferent service and attitude from the hostess.
The Margherita Pizza didn't click.
And that's all I have to say.
In New York, most restaurants operate at a very high level and I especially like Italian restaurants in NYC, so relatively speaking, I have to give something two starts.
I suspect there are better things on the menu.
Sourpuss hostess seated us at a dirty table between two tables that had not been cleared, yuck!
We left quickly.
This restaurant is in the building where NYLO hotel is and provides an easy choice for breakfast or lunch.
Nice ambience, somewhat limited menu choices, but a good spot to sit and watch the world pass by as you have breakfast.
Enjoyed a late dinner with family during the week.
We were seated quickly but felt rushed to order even though they weren't busy.
My son's lasagne was cold but they heated it up (hopefully not in a microwave).
Just seemed like a nice place without the service and quality that is expected with pricey meal.
Stayed at NYLO and figured we would try out Serafina's for a quick breakfast.
Ordering from the waitress was near impossible.
Ordered 2 eggs, toast and sliced tomatoes but was unable to sub tomatoes for their potatoes.
Fine.
No problem.
I pointed to the $10.50 breakfast and told her I wasn't going to touch the potatoes.
When I received the bill, the waitress conveniently upgraded my order to the NY breakfast at $16.50 and told me she did it because I had ordered Orange juice AND coffee making my breakfast now $23.50.
Sketchy at best.
She had no response when I told her what she did was wrong.
The eggs were not cooked and watery.
The bacon was so burnt, I lost enamel while chewing it.
The only good part of the breakfast was the Orange juice that drove my bill up $10.
NYLO needs to close access to this restaurant and assure zero affiliation with this Sketchy establishment.
Stay clear away from this place!
!
!
!
!
!
We came here for breakfast.
Very rude hostess looked at us coldly without speaking, walked away, and wordlessly gestured toward a table.
The omelettes and pancakes were good, and the other restaurant staff were pleasant.
There are too many other restaurants in the area for us to consider returning.
Large portions, decent salads.
Can grab a quick meal before show but not a destination.
We ate here after arriving in New York earlier in the day.
We got a table no problem and we were glad to get out of the cold asap.
Service was good, food was average at best.
My pasta lacked flavour and my fiancé calzone pizza filling was very watery, but tasted good.
I would return for a quick meal with no expectations.
We've stayed at the NYLO, which is attached to this restaurant, and both times we've had brunch at Serafinas.
I don't know what the rest of their menu is like, but we really enjoy their brunch menu.
It is a great place to sit and watch people walking up and down Broadway.
Stayed at the NYLO Hotel which is attached.
Breakfast choices varied and delicious Try the avocado toast!
Went for dinner and the cornish hen was certainly worth the 20 minute wait.
The panna cotta was devine!
Turned up for breakfast the next morning too which was also fantastic.
Staff were very friendly and had a really nice atmosphere.
Nice meal.
However, when check arrived a 17% tip was added, which I did not notice.
I gave the waiter my credit card.
When he returned with the credit card receipt it showed as a “subtotal” the amount of the bill (which included the 17% tip).
Below that was a “suggested gratuities” section showing amounts for tips from 18% to 22%), even though the “subtotal” ALREADY INCLUDED a 17% tip included by them, followed by lines to a tip and a total.
So I ended up double tipping.
(This happened a few months ago.
I returned today, to find that this deceitful practice continues.
But I was more careful this time.
) In my opinion, disgusting at best, perhaps fraudulent at worst.
Serafina has always served good italian fare which is reasonable priced.
A nice restauarant for the family.
I ate here with a large family group on a recent trip to NYC.
The service was good as was the food.
Nothing was particularly special.
I did appreciate that the portions sizes were reasonable - as opposed to huge and impossible for a normal person to eat.
Pastas were not particularly inventive but were well prepared.
This restaurant is close to the NYLO Hotel and very convenient if you arrive on the later side and don't really have organized plans.
Reservations are important for larger groups and desirable for others.
Let me note I am an out of towner.
I went on a Sunday afternoon after I arrived at the adjacent hotel and this place was very busy.
Food was good with lots of families but my general impression was an upscale fast food cafe.
Prices fair.
Food good.
Nothing relaxing about this experience.
Would not be likely to return.
I had the lobster ravioli and although it had a little bit more salt than necessary, it was really good.
My sister had the lemon pasta which also tasted good.
My other sister said her calamari was the best she'd had.
I have no complain about the service.
The music though can be improved.
This restaurant was across the road from our accommodation and we tried it out one night for takeaway pasta.
Two pastas were enough food for our teenage family of four.
We ordered takeaway at the bar and were able to set the pickup time.
When we came back to pick up our pasta order we waited about 2 minutes.
The order was well timed our pastas were hot.
Nice pastas enjoyed by everyone.
We were staying in the NYLO hotel in the same building, so Serafina was convenient.
Food was tasty, service efficient.
There are better, more authentic, more local, Italian places on the Upper West Side, but Serafina was fine for a quick pre-theatre dinner.
We ate here a couple of times as the restaurant is conveniently attached to the hotel, if you are coeliac / gluten free then be prepared to pay an extra 5 dollars for the privilege of having gluten free pasta.
This really annoyed me and I've never encountered this anywhere else, this is a blatant example of taking advantage in my opinion.
The pasta was good though ( should be for the price)and most sauces were available as gluten free.
The waiting staff were not friendly in either of the Serafina restaurants, we tried both, it is a shame as friendly staff do add to an enjoyable experience.
Bar is very nice, bartender attentive.
Stayed for dinner, food was very average, and proteins not cooked properly (overcooked).
Service was slow, and curt, even for NYC.
Will go back for a drink, but not dinner.
This place was in the hotel at NYLO that we stayed in...very good food.
.
Like mentioned by other contributors this Restaurant is fabulously located in the lobby of our hotel so there was no need to step out to -1 degrees and put on jackets.
The waiter was very friendly and kind.
We got our food quickly and that was important after 15 hours on a plane and two days of intense travel.
I had a mushroom pizza and a glass of house red.
My wife had the bruschetta and a beer and a minestrone soup.
Everything was good no complaints.
Will be back to taste some more dishes especially the lemon chicken escalope that the table next to me was having and looked fab!
We were staying at the attached hotel so popped in for a sit down dinner.
Super convenient as their is a door inside the hotel to the restaurant.
Service is average - not warm and seemed disjointed.
Plenty of families inside so if I had my kids with me I wouldn't hesitate to bring them in and the waiters didn't seem to care (or anything else)I was disappointed in the food.
Bread served was hard - almost stale.
Olive oil dip was blah.
We ordered Rigatoni in spaghetti sauce which should be pretty straightforward but it was lacking.
They have a great location and menu.
With a little effort this place could be amazing.
The automatic tip is also off putting.
Visited this establishment on 12/30/16, for brunch.
Our server was very distracted and the food was not impressive.
Was quite disappointed in the overall quality of food and service.
Just terrific, let's just say the food is what you want with nice wine.
Went back for breakfast and again from the cup of tea to the freshly squeezed orange juice made the eggs taste better.
The boys run the show during brekky.
Even left a gap in the cup for my milk for my cup of tea.
My husband took me here before a show at the Beacon Theater.
The food was great, service was excellent, atmosphere was very cozy.
I had eaten dinner at Serafina, a couple of years ago, whilst staying at On The Avenue - now transformed into NYLO.
The large menu never disappoints.
The food is perfect for the customer looking for a heavy Italian meal with pasta and cheese or for the customer looking for a lighter option like a salad or chicken dish.
There is something here for everyone.
I have had the a few of the pizzas and they were all good.
I also had the chicken parm and chicken marsala and both were delicious.
The nutella dessert is also fantastic but large enough to share with a table of 4-6.
Good Italian food with some great vegan choices.
The portions are good and the wine was great.
The restaurant's decor is a little too fancy for my family dinner with kids in tow.
We had breakfast here twoce in a gour day visit.
Coffee was tops and the omelletes were excellent.
Had breakfast here twice during my stay at NYLO.
It's good and reasonably priced, but with Sarabeth's so close by they have some serious competition!
Open late for this neighborhood.
Still a small crowd there keeping up comfortable ambience.
Happy to serve us just dessert.
Wonderful Tiramisu.
Food was good, service was good.
But I had a $2.00 issue on a $120.00 tab and they refused to change it.
Both managers used the "company policy" line.
So never again.
I wavered between giving this restaurant a 3 or 4.
My wife and I just popped in early on a Sunday morning because we wanted breakfast and they were open early.
I will cut to the chase.
The breakfast we ordered was very good.
I ordered a fruit salad, 2 eggs scrambled, and a side of bacon.
It was great.
The eggs were perfectly scrambled - not over cooked.
Bacon was crisp and flavorful.
They also serve a very nice Colombian coffee that my wife and I both enjoyed.
My wife ordered a breakfast special which includes coffee, eggs, breakfast potatoes and orange juice.
She also enjoyed it.
So, the food is very well prepared and not too bad for New York in terms of price.
The downside was the service.
A little indifferent and aloof and not terribly friendly.
I had to ask for refills on coffee and waited for quite awhile to get our check.
They automatically added a 17% gratuity which I thought was a little presumptuous.
I routinely tip 20 percent, but would have scaled it back based on our experience.
It's difficult to give an accurate review when you visit a restaurant only once.
But for this visit it's 3 stars out of five.
Wet morning and didn't want to walk far from hotel and just happily ran across this restaurant.
Delicious coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice.
Eggs on brioche.
Yum.
Serafina is lively Italian restaurant, which has well prepared food at reasonable prices.
It appears to attract a mix of local, neighborhood folks and tourists, wtih families, couples and singles in the crowd.
Service is quick and attentive.
The portion sizes are quite generous.
Their green salad, for example, is more than enough for two.
The bar attracts a nice crowd too.
Fairly box standard italian food.
Staff not very talkative.
Was not impressed that they check if tip is enough by counting it at the table!
We had just left this awful restaurant.
Service was a disaster, unpleasant waiters and just regular food.
Waiters should really get some training, how to be more efficient and nice.
We are definitely NOT coming back.
Really good & soft gnocchi.
Meal came really fast.
Water didn't taste like a swimming pool for a change.
Cool music.
Indoor & outdoor seating.
It was a bit stuffy inside without any cooling though.
We met for a birthday dinner and had a lovely time.
The food was good and the waitstaff were attentive.
We did have to ask for salt/pepper , but they brought things quickly.
It's a kid friendly place and it's obvious they are used to toddlers moving about.
Had a beautiful table outside and enjoyed great pasta.
This place is very reliable and solid.
Great bread, drinks, atmosphere.
Cant go wrong with Serafina.
I visited the Broadway & 77th st location of Serafina to met with a good friend of mine.
It was a great choice¡ the menú diverse (they serve brunch úntil 3 30 and being 3 20 THEY DID take the order sth that it is not always the case.
We both asked for a vegetable fritatta which was delicous!
The service was great and the ambiance aliso nice.
I would return when in the upper west!
The ricotta pancakes were excellent.
The Bloody Mary, even with two olives, was mediocre.
Computer system wasn't working, so after a long wait, they just wrote it up manually.
Disappointing, with brusque service.
Lobster in my lobster with pasta dish was overcooked to almost stony toughness.
Coming into Serafina is very Italian!
The decor, the atmosphere and even the waiters are Italian!
The Calzone and my toddlers mini penne was delicious.
Pleasant staff, good meal, though not over the moon, nice breakfast in the morning.
Has outside tables.
Loved the breakfasts.
They have several great options.
Particularly enjoyed the New York creamed cheese and smoked salmon bagels.
Note that prices on menu exclude tax and gratuity.
We ate here twice - since our hotel was across the street and recommended it and then after a walk from 42nd street.
Easy to be seated (same Stammtisch!
- how did they know?
).
Excellent fish, especially the salmon.
Fine mixed salad.
Excellent pasta , especially the bowtie pasta with shrimp.
Extensive menu.
Fine service (except they offered us fresh pepper before we divided our (generous) salad.
Stopped in for a late dinner.
Staff were very patient with us even though I'm sure they would have liked to pack up.
The fettucine with truffle butter was divine and came with actual shaved truffles not truffle oil.
The servings were huge, but we had planned to share so all worked out great.
Not the cheapest, but a very nice dinner.
I visited Serafina for lunch sometime last week.
Although the food was good the customer service was HORRIBLE.
I dined alone being that I was on my lunch break and decided to treat myself to a decent meal.
My waitress only came to take my order and when I called her to order a drink.
I had to look for her in order to tell her that I was ready for the bill.
She never once came over to ask me if everything was ok or to reassure me that my food would be out in a few after I ordered my appetizer.
I could understand if the restaurant was busy at the time that I visited, but there were only 2 other tables in her section and she visited them very often.
I also work in the hospitality field so I know how important it is to make customers feel welcomed.
But I know for sure I would never visit Serafina again or refer them as a restaurant for any of the guests in the hotel I work at.
Great Italian style pizza to satisfy those late night cravings plus excellent, fresh salads.
After having fun at the NYLO Bar, it's good to know there is great food without ever having to go outside!
We stopped in for breakfast.
It was very good, The service was great, the food was very good.
We enjoyed it.
Great if your seeing a show at the Beacon.
Food average, service pushy but good for a pizza stop w the kids.
I had several meals at Serafina while I stayed at NYLO which is attached.
First, the breakfast/brunch is great!
I had the eggs benedict with spinach instead of the meat and that was amazing, I also had it with smoked salmon one day and that was also very good.
For dinner I had the bowtie pasta with baby shrimp and lemon cream sauce, excellent!
the service was good, the young lady I had for breakfast both days was great!
Great lunch during a girls weekend getaway.
I sampled a little of everyone's dish and I must say that every bite made me wish I had ordered that!
Good service and great food - would go again, and again, and again!
!
!
We stayed at NYLO for a recent family gathering and had all our breakfasts and brunches at Serafina, which is conveniently located off the lobby of the hotel.
The food was good and the service was excellent.
